what would you do if you were wading through a river and all of a sudden a fish jumped out of the water and puked on your shoulder and then called you a fucking bitch?
I like the verses to the song....just not that lame ass auto tuning nigga on the hook
You are a beautiful girl and i dont think that you shoul do all the things that you do cause you are fucking up your life! Sorry to say but you should to better with your life then just throw it away.....
 Cock and bull
jia..that is dead ass wrong
i hate school =(
Joanne Angel? You know how much I hate you right now :p 3 XXXorcist
Nahhhh they're kinda neat to watch.
Are you easily offended?
haha no then u will be lik o ew that guy ~_~  *runs away* lol
and   Was that Sheila easton? Nah...it was that chick that used to fuck with Prince right?
xD! i know. hmm ....i wonder how it feels like to fuck bingo  hard .....hmmmm  i guss i'll never know D':
In Ala-God-Damn-Bama  that would be Bidness Skool  right?
You've got 5  of snow?  Damn.  I'm jealous.
From what I've gathered the hate is because they're like a mainstream Christian band. And the mainstream hates Christian music
Way to go loser  how does it feel to be an inanimate objects bitch? Must feel terrible to NEED something to be normal. Shame on you!
you can take the girl out of the hood but you can't take the hood out of the girl. Detroit didn't make me a pussy that's forsure
Have you seen Titanic?
your ugly as fuuuuck   betty is 10000% prettier than youuu  so stopp being a bitchhh.
nahh
i hope you know i hate you. frances is one of my best friends! ass hole!
JET!!(: Hate boats! Worst experience ever was on a boat! Never again!
What was your first love like?
and i look emo too cause i'm wearing like all black and shit and my chains are hanging out XD i need guyliner
but they love me for it. none of them giggle. its a love/hate thing they got goin with me =)
There's a dfference? Damn.
volleyball
Because they are FUCKING DUMB and annoying
FUCK I'M FOLLOWING HIM NOW STFU haha
Reow................
not on your life  dick-tongue
Urgh no1 yet! Keep hopin though!
I will super hero my ass out there and blow the tire up myself!!!
i wouldnt know
I nominate  in category #humor because this bitch makes me laugh!
Nah you wish  so
I'm going to watch him kick Count Adamar's ass and then it's off to feed the beast.
nope.
fuck yo life nigga
I responded and asked you  but yes it does vary. Some think gay marriage is immoral. I think those people are bigots.
Who on Earth besides the subscribers that are ankle deep up your ass call it that?
I agree. They'll use whatever excuse is convenient to  trim the fat. 
damn straight
that's great. def down on carbs + fat. counting cals in and out is working perfectly. the big difference is my mindset. thanks!
Oh damn....I'm so sorry honey...
i hate you :P happy birthday dude  good to know your enjoying it
Oh damn. Saw the trailer for Dark City Looks gooood
yes we are! latinos are the smexiest ones alive! :]
i kicked ur ass on balloono A.K.A the bommer man thing i was lameguestbunch of numbers
damn  why don't all harem leads shout that  kouhai~? would be interesting the resulting chaos
i hate you.
LOL SHE SAID YOU CAN HAVE HER SWEET VAG  ASS IF U PAY HER LOL 
omg dude! im so sorry!! that totally sucks. is it bad??
Thanks.  We're delayed about 12 hours  damn cargo! Animal skins and scrap metal  I think  so I'm heading up there early Tues.
Have you ever randomly busted out dancing?
*falls off of bed laughing fabulous ass off* Dude I think that made me BLUSH. WTF? LOL?
Yeah! I hate complaining as it is a fellow soaper  but plagiarism just is AWFUL!
No God no. Fuck no. Fucking fuck god no.
Damn  give me some dude!  Me like the Generals poultry!
Tabi  now what's going on? D: Text me. (:
fucking ayeeeeee
haris i m trying to control my fat tummy did'nt eat from 2 days :D
i need some of that money to get some of that tryfe heatery...the freeway shit was BOOOOOOONKERS!!! you killed that damn beat fam...
yes. and no sorry
what do you think of guys who wear headbands/ponytails?
ha! Probably Lee. That bitch fights dirty! You can totally tell. Look at those shorts!
tabi i feel so bad about these bitchy girls who keep on saying shit to you on here  if they even knew you they would no you are the most moddest girl i have ever met.
pssh i dont know what that person is talking about  you seem awesome to me!
holy fuck. i would just make pasta or something if i were you  that is ridiculous.
oh bugger at car screaming.. that sucks.... glad to hear the rest was all good
imma be as nice as possible alrite. talisa how the fuck do I kno? do I watch da disney channel'  uhh.  noo nigga lol
ur invading my space!  kick his ass out starbucks
lol    the bitch  damn.
You're on. I hate year end  popular   Best Of   In Review  stuff.
No Whale  FTW!  I'm liking the Struts  WebWork analogy for Rails  Merb.  But then again  I'm old school like that.
I hate the  i'm popular and people make fun of me and I just want to write for ME again  ones. Buy a fucking journal and use a pen
Can you daydream at night?
Call Guiness...the book not the beer.  You may be the 2008 iPhone App King-O-Rama gold medal winner. How many do you hate all in?
It's a FABULOUS idea!  I wanna play it tonight!  I say we do it in gdocs and then post it later  but Im a porn whore apparently.
Me. haha
favorite song?
I might get in a snowball fight out this bitch!
I hate that entire area of new york.
you can try to smack me. but i'll round house kick you in the throat then shank your ass with a rusty knife.
stop the hateration bitch! it's only gonna make that mohawk stand up rotf!!!
:))
fuck andre! it's strippers lol you coming home to him!
i quit heroes. nathan is a fucking douche.
i see you got a volleyball net.
hey you know wat wud b funny? to find out who started tht lil cheap ass lie tht if u roll ur eyez they'll get stuck like tht! rndm
THANK YOU! Beautifully worded. I'm so fucking sick of people just hating for hating. Everyone think they're so deep these days.
its more like 5 mins :) and i was delayed by a train ;)
wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
nahh
im a ninja if that helps
I hate when it happens to people that are nice. They don't deserve embarassment of that sort.
hi!how are you?thanks for spamming
I survived mass layoffs for the last 7 years. For the last 3 years we've been told we're muscle  not fat.
i hate u like miniature dogs hate people dressing them in t-shirts and little booties.
I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #design because...he designed the fail whale :-)
Eat twat   you twitter whore.
WOW what a loser. I hope seth has some good male role models in his life.
unless Adobe gets their head out of their ass Flash will die because mobile will be the dominant platform.
I'd just hate to be known in my career as the  diarrhea guy   Happy Holidays to you too!!
you're gonna get fat!
yo Zee  you keep your hair tighter than frog ass.
hmm didnt even know they existed...no wonder i feel like a complete retard when i cut stuff with a scissor
I cunt wait for u to start shitting out the gifts I sent jew.
Bitch!  You weren't following me!
Aha love you too<3
do you get one if someone sticks their boot up your ass?
damn.
yeah and I am the man in the relationship  your my bitch.
Fuck that shit. She wasn't even right about the older men I was hitting on.
I'M SO SORRY IF YOU THINK MY TRACKSUIT IS GAY. VICTORY. VENGEANCE. FOR MY STONE CHAMBER AND MY SWORD. MY SWOOOOOOORD!1
lol. I know  she's a mess. But ya ass was not getting up.
u cunt tell me u did not lyk da snow
Umm i guess butterfly kisses :) that song always makes me happy
you got that right! People stealing others' generators   other stuff inside the homes when they know no one's home..sucks big time
What's the most delicious meal you've ever had?
Turns out not where but who you're with that really matters.' ;) --- MaryZ41:  yeah  we all hate bein
lol no doubt.  yeah they will cut yo ass in little tiny beans
Fuck off naturally as opposed to artificially?
Wow! That sucks.
doll  you know i'm fucking feelingggggg you!  thank god you'recoming this weekend so it forces these fuckers to get on it.
u better answer the damn phone
I just HATE seeing that pretty face in that sqaure and those clever tweets next to it with  via web  underneath!  *sigh*
fuck betty she killed me...
the fuck is that?
sam are you showing in 'in sequence' at white whale on friday night? I wasn't sure... since you'll be out of town for the opening
grrr I hate that. I have an ex-friend who only gets in touch when they have something great to tell me about themselves... o_0
sorry  you have no cred. Two words: pig ears
Fuck them!
I don't wanna sound gay or nuthin'  but that sir... is an arousing pic.
awww what package? dang that sucks though! i hope its not makeup :(
y is the sky blue?
depends on who their spying on.....
she took $60 from me  $50 from my sis 2 separate nights.  She says her stuff was jacked too.  Don't buy it. Betrayal sucks.
i dont mind it because it gives me questions i guess
did you just call me a bitch Grunny????..... ONYD!!!!!.... LOL
Thats pretty damn awesome! Very smart :)  Sure!
twinface it's ATCQ...your drunk ass can't type lol
For pussy?  because no one can keep a secret. We need to make a man pack....
Hell yeah!!! And the best bit of movie dialogue ever..Jason says  I am NOT the gay!  ... OK Jason i belive you ;)
Clearly  manufacturers rarely use common sense to make customers happy  when they can easily just piss you off and make $$$$
been here more then a hour just to get my vegas shit back damn slow service shiat
i hate people who update their fb status more than once a day unless absolutely necessary...tweets-thats what they're for!
If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
Windows Mobile sucks!
stalker?
Doesn't he look a little like a more masculine  less crackhead version of Andy Dick?
no!!!! Ahhh he is fucking crazy hes been killing himself since yesterday still nothing!
we gonna make bklyn see what's up! Hell fucking yeah!
are you and lindsey talking?
You clearly said  Would I have to fuck anyone 
haha  that's ghey. Tell them it sucks balls and they need a real designer.
And it sucks away your API twice as fast...
damn.
Now I know you're really are GAY!
show your face
a frienf of mine did the mud run. Said it was a bitch showering. lol
You fucking rock =)
Yeah  and T-Mobile Germany offers unlimited Worldwide calling to other T-Mobile phones. USA only offers Nationwide. Sucks.
OMG where? that sucks!!
tired as fuck and wish I was with you right now!
haha no I'm just trying to fuck with him
Don't be anonymous. Share your name :]
I like parks :]
truth on both counts that guy is an ass  and their product is sub par. I tell people try Dalesandros orJim's
ha ha loser :)
SON OF A .... bitch! hahahahahahaha
Mermaid.
laugh out loud
fucking ayeeeeee
i bitch slapped my cousin once.
they're not gross. U shaddup u fat ass HATER!!!  yes I made them for mark  my son.
yea but the tears  and water come together :P
How old were you when you learned to tie your shoes?
I've been getting a lot of that Which sucks  cause I really need a job.I did get a random check from an old job for 100$ today though
hour meetings foe a job you're failing at  because you hate it  your bentley that you don't even drive cuz gas is so expensive  in
That sounds like Charter.  I hate Charter.
l
I guess everything's alright but I hate this still.
bitch... lol jk
If you found a suitcase full of $1 000 000  what would you do?
He can be a nice guy  but he is such a dick when it comes to fabsubbing that it is ridiculous.
Name one household chore you would never want to do again
Confusing.
Down here  people are smart enough to not piss on an electric fence  let alone do it again after being shocked once.
Do you stroke your pussyr r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r CAT?
Damn skippy.
ammmmmbbaaaaaa
hell yeah fucking losers lol
whos that lady in the b
well if this is who i think it is  you didnt ask to see my poems  and i wrote some for you and i showed you and you didnt care much
Don't freeze your ass off for me. Stay warm and toasty and mail them whenever.
it's not of anything  you cant copy in art lol  its based on a lot of things  its just my own... And thats why it sucks lol
Ugh. Probably the same brain-deficient retard who stole my name on Youtube  Gaia  and all the faggy sites. How old is she?
yo Zee  you keep your hair tighter than frog ass.
coz it is attended by a lot of FAT people. You don't want me to show you the pics  do you? Oh  you were in it too!
HAHA  that did brighten my day considerably.  How about on the one day of Christmas my broke ass got my gf gift cert to Chili's
oh damn. and yes  I am an xmen freak. Not too big  but still a freak.
Why does CHUD hate kids so much? 10 years from now  they're your readers!
ROTFLMAOOOOOOO WOW...Cumleone? Cum Alone? Oh sorry...thats funny though.
wow emo... Ik ben benieuwd...
One time I said  cunt  and all hell broke loose via DM. you'd think I'd called bush a genius I got so much hate mail
No. Im not. But thanks for throwing that out there ;)
yes yes  so gay.
hi
What a fab site! I didn't see the cozy *snort* but I want the mermaid gloves! Damn I wish I'd paid attention to my Nana... xxx ooo
Epic WINS for Fuck City3
is officially too gay to function!
whoops .. Too bad I didn't get that tweet cuz I was knocked the fuck out.
Man  fuck Alton-Darby.
?mm
i love you alexiss<333 no homoo niggyyy(: aha
What would your perfect day look like?
it's all about filtering. In addition to being less fat  my main 09 resolution is to be mindful about how I spend attention.
have you ever had sex?
Oooh  I'm so going there this weekend!! I just hate malls at Xmas time. Bah.
to get fat?
I hate you
do you like cats?
immortal? invincible  privileged  all-powerful  above-da-law  I-am-da-law  da ends justify da means  I don't give a fuck I'm IT...
Wait if I shut down my phone company who's going  to sponsor you in the emo olympics?
depends on the restaurants policies
Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
omgomgomg those shoes with the little flower holy fuck i want them
What's something that no one else knows about you?
oddest.. umm the driveway. haha i like to layout with out straps! ;)
a couple. i really only like beer haha :P and not hard liqour
i feel pretty oh so pretty...i feel pretty and witty and gAY! Ha ha good times
not sure how long i've been on seesmic but it's a love/hate place for me
that sucks!
How would you describe  in your mind  the greatest guy in the world? What would he be like? What would he do with his time?
Yeah... sucks.. But yo  I tried to go to your webpage link but it dont work? And wut school u go to? Howard?
yo I only peeped the last 30mins-and I saw here and THOUGHT it was her but figured  naaah this bitch looks way broker  lol yikes
Suree :)
oh damn... lol then ill send them when you have a comp or something lol. do you have verizon or no?
sweet. I'm too chicken to read it cuz I hate  spoilers ';)
me?
haha i think that would be impossible
Frat boys think  good game  afterward means they aren't gay. Doesn't make 'em str8!
I hate FCC they are evil
Man!!! You got out that garage hit them stairs so damn fast!!!!! lmao!!! Im like look at this nicca... lol..
Seriously  what did parents do with those teeth we lost?
aww  that soo sucks D:
Not talking about incident but more so the attitude that I'm gonna bitch  make a comp do something on a subjective matter.
Breakfast Pig's Feet  SWeezy? Y'all havin' Mimosas with that  homey?
Damn Jim idk what to say:/ Sorry man.
Gay!
WOW YOUR A BAD ASS... HAHA
Whatu2019s the best feeling in the world?
I've noticed he can't spell much beyond NOM and BARK ... sucks for him there's only one K and two Bs in Scrabble.
Do you like the smell of cigarettes?
 ...that movie was good...not boring...very gay....but equally good
hahaha i did txt him back and say gay u woke me up now i cant sleep hahaha wat are you doing? im so bored but cnt sleep haha
payment schedule...been there...sucks ass
i can never catch you on blogtv at night. damn time difference!
I know Ripley lives  I don't think the others do. Sucks to be them!
What would be the single most worst thing for you to hear?
Uh... yeah.  Joe and I have been wondering what all the fuss was about.  Put your ass in it  make sure it's tight.. done.
It just sucks that so many use it as a crutch.
freak passing shower. was walking by  then suddenly a few big drops came down. thought  oh shit  and ducked in just as it poured.
Your bommm!!!!!!!!!!!!
try fuck.
it was in reference to his gay suit
shut your ass up I did....they got me though
i do want to.. :) but who is this hahahahah
I'm a blunt and funny dancing alien that doesn't care what anyone thinks and loves to have fun. ;]
Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
fuck them!
oooo thats not fun! i hate those things  the orthodontics people are mean to me!
u whore...
thanks  nerd.
dude that sucks. On NYE nonetheless. Got a sore throat myself  hoping it's not strep. :-(
am deleting all that bell-end Pineapples comments  so he keeps posting more. Cunt.
if you're going to have to spend that much for a fucking pizza  at least go to mellow mushroom or somewhere not disgusting.
Have you ever slept with an object in your hand  woken up  its still there? Happened to me :))
the perks of being human i persume.
Fuck you! Learn to surf NA!
Would you get mad if i sprayed shaving cream all over your face?? I would!!!
LOL  no he said  What do you call a jail cell to a gay guy? Paradise! ahaha.
oh wow dude thst one hell of a kick ass mission!
just found the email buried in inbox  count me **IN** i've been on the receiving end of foodbanks growing up. it SUCKS BIGTIME
This holiday is to celebrate a man nailed to a board. I want you to be MERRY about it. Why are you crying? DON T FUCKING CRY!
zerooooo
what up stud! How's that poop on the floor loser? :P
pissed off? I'm ready to go Mumbai on their fucking asses. We're too soft. We need to start blowing shit up.
When was the last time you asked someone a letter on paper?
You're quite right. I withdraw my aggressive commenting. Fuck-ton should be more widely used.
Mmmhm!(:
I'm 1/2 with that  as a Realtor  my other 7/8ths would like 2 C stimulus 4 the housing market.  Damn'd if you do  Damn'd...
I was gonna dedicate my 850th tweet to you but then I was all FUCK  I already tweeted! But it was to you anyway so it's cool :D
Drina.!(: i knoo huh they juss love me<3
damn. lol. let me try something else. hot lesbian sex. nekked girl on girl. free porn.
Alexis My Stomach Hurts :/
That show sucks. It always scares you. And Boo Danny. He is a fail!
damn you for getting the comics up early again o_o it gives me nothing to do before school in the morning D:
damn u hella racist why u dissin ur date like that???
we all fucking know better.
um probs short stack though i dont no haha i listen to a whole lot of different bands.
I hate you so hard right now.
ya damn rite she gota have ass n be kute ya feel mi[[THICK]]
Damn dude...
have you watched Karate Kid? I watched it yesterday  it's a very nice movie :)
Like Dick Cheney has an issue maybe?
Fat ass!
LOVE THEM :]
they think we only ride chevys and cadillacs...damn stereotypes
I meant boo YOU whore!
damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
If you know that down the road there was a business that dismembered baby boys and girls each week would you do something to stop it from continuing? And would you be a bad person if you didn't try to stop it?
Hi tabi how's life
Baby im down(;
what a loser. :P
sure why not?
Mmmh... My second grade teach Mrs. Caldwell <3
I couldn't agree more.  And if I didn't feel like such a loser I would say I win for understanding!
yet fear seems like a cop out too  i eat my words...Hate is ugly
motherfucker stop drinking Red Bull ADDICT! watch ulcers eat at your stomach lining bitch!
leave u with this....at least my dick still on my body unlike your stacy bump STD ass
dont hate too hard!  it hasn't been very warm here lately!
Gay!
Of course! :]
I hate them. I eat them for dessert. I will keep following you. I believe in your cause
HOLY FUCK!
I hate you with the hate of a thousand hates. ;)
that sucks   plays this game called cube crash that she really likes. You should check it out.
I dunno  did you offer me any of that fuck-ton of beer in your fridge on Saturday? NO
What do you think about people who give one word answers to nearly everything?
Sugary and fast foods have a bad effect on your health  you still eat them dont you??!?!?!
Define a great life?
i dont know you  but you seem like a bitch
I just read ass pet a cat.  Adam...that's just wrong.  :P
You ruin fucking everything.
no prob  but watch out  it's fucking addictive!
I'd imagine!  I've seen some pretty fat raccoons this season out here in Kitsap  too.  never much in a hurry  either...
Do you volunteer for anything?
That sounds like Charter.  I hate Charter.
its not hate on government  its hate on our existing government.
i love my LDS.
Omgee i get super shy when i get a brazilian wax... Do you girls get shy too if you get one or your like w.e? Guys: Do you like your girls waxed down there or it dont matter?
Do you have any scars on your body?  If so  how'd you get them?
What's your favorite movie quote?
LIKE HOW U SAY WHAT THE FUCK AND CLEAN IT UP WITH HECK LOL
fashion parade. damn sneaky mousepad enter key thing.
I am Dutch ;) Over here  there's a difference between the fat ho-ho santa and st. nicolas sinterklaas.
FUCK YEAH RYAN ROSS. il his lyrics way more than wbeckett's tbh  i donut care if they make no sense. BTW rolling stone FAILS.
What was the last thing you bought?
What happened?
Can you do push ups?
if you don't know who i am  why follow me? get a fucking life and stop bitching about the past
Oh what a spoil sport. Too pussy to go out in the cold to take a video.
Aww. Thanks dear. And I hate my gradeschool friends for ditching me. They forgot about me when we are suppose to be at her wake.=(
that a mouse will come in my room at night lol it scares the shit out of me
Same with prospective clients.  I'm returning YOUR call  dumb ass.
lol im telling yew
damn you overload issues! :(
hahahahahah :) im replying to this  what about you?
everyone judges. maybe not conciously but all humans unconciously judge even its only for a second. :] no worries i say i dont judge either. haha
THAT WAS THE MOST  MOST BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS CARD I HAVE EVER RECEIVED.  I MEAN  DAMN.  80
Damn! Sounds like heart attack inducing combo.
WOOT!! 8 pounds is AWESOME! YES  you can! 1 pound at a time... I need to get my ass in gear ;)
hey who diz?
don't worry  karma is a one mean ass bitch. They'll get what's coming to them...
maybe
damn.
vampire :)
This is the first day that it has really kicked my ass.  I am DETERMINED so I am considering alternatives.
weird.... Nick are you going emo??????
lol i knew wat u were talking about i say that to anyone that ask lol and no =]
HAHAHAHAHA that was finally. really tho I hate you.
LIKE HOW U SAY WHAT THE FUCK AND CLEAN IT UP WITH HECK LOL
when i say i'd hate to have to stomp a mudhole in your face  that's partially anecdotal. I'd actually love it.
Wow u in love wit her? U gay 4 her?
don't get all emo about that ;)
Then I would be gay and I would kill myself. Don't become a boy  please.
dude.  she's fugly.  i think ur a desperate ass cam perv.
no. i must have missed that one. damn. ;-)
he has actually. and i thought if we were ggoing to keep conversating you would reveal your anonymousness. you know you asked buncha ppl bout their feet..lol
independently
what's your favourite colour?
uhmm bestie... y dnt u evr get da braces?? ya teeth are fcked up???
not bad haha
yo Zee  you keep your hair tighter than frog ass.
they don't do any of it. Them they try to front afterwards  like  I did this and that to him last night!  I hate when chicks lie
i was spanked but do not  only because it makes my kid behave worse  so doesn't work. not a lot does work-kinda sucks too.
Join the club. I don't know either. LOLZ Khub jamay gee jo mil baithain gay bongay do. :D
i hate planes...just try to sleep. Have a safe trip!
Just had a big ass waffle breakfast and am catching up on games from 08
Who wantss to knoww 
why would u say fat people are dumb?
Bitch I will cut you!  Whatever happened to just smoking weed?  Because it makes us feel so good.
Nerd.
the iced media party. Long ass day at the office  time for a drink or 3
Do you like to clean?
i may go with velour track suit.  just have to find one! because i hate shopping  even in the best of circumstances
Mary?! lol hahahaha
whiterabbit819 stFu u ass i care and thats all that matters!
that's ri god damn dick ulouse! Tasty though. Haha
um  coz you're awesome? and on another note...yo gabba gabba is fucking disturbing
ditto bitch!
Why do people say be yourself then they dislike people for being themselves?
I brought Prussia back  bitch.
I hate my life haha
no we talk up!
HAHA jk i love you tabi(: i tried to scare you hahahhaa.
esp. if someone is working for an employer supportive of gay rights  seems wrong for someone to then not show up to work.
damn right it should be  horrible stuff YUK!
you would know if youd answer ur phone!!!
Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
What was name of your first pet and why did you give it that name.
Wanted to change my username -- 'v4sudh4' sucks. At least  'qbarq' sounds  better than 'meow' or 'spherical cow'. :/
What movie did you think was very pointless?
ain't that crazy? enough to piss you off!
Damn  you've had more jobs than  um  er  well  you're just always employed! lol
ahahahaha so right. Im fucking freezing my ass off here.
I wanna get him a ring that means  ur a great kid to fuck 
Ahaha!!! Yess of course aint dat rite  ?!?! Haha He so awesome tho! BCK OFF lol jk
um probs short stack though i dont no haha i listen to a whole lot of different bands.
Do you have a boyfriend?<br>
tell her you are gay :)
timothy. Lastnight for both.
what age would you like to have kids?
For shizz lady. :]
Ok  to answer your question honestly  I do want to smell your feet  but I swear the truth is that I did *not* ask you those questions  previously. That honestly was someone else.
HOW U LYK YO BRED TOASTED????
Its a chicken finger :]
I hate them. I eat them for dessert. I will keep following you. I believe in your cause
Good morning.
The love of my life :]
Lobsters and ligatures? Are you a Portland-area type nerd  then?
Not to my recollection. but funny you ask  because my brother just did that and busted our neighbors chair at my sisters grad party this past sunday. it was hilarious!!
my dad started all this bullshit with my fam. He's such a fucking dumbass.
fuck you haha
hey everyone im gonna start spamming again starting tomorrow...if you dont want to be spammed then inbox me ASAP
 See  I had to google   cloved lemon SCA   to figure that out.
lolss yeahh yew aree
a semicolon sounds like some sort of gay sex act gone wrong
THANK YOU! It's not just me. Gay guys are hot as hell.
no im just fucking pissed at shit
I hate to keep sending this link.. but you never got back at me.... Whats good.. 
IF U LIVE FOREVER WAT DO U LIVE FOR?????
What? Yours WORKS? I hate you.
hate u
well either wy thy like dick wayyy to much.
anyone or someone particular?
I know! Will it ever end? I hate these weekend renovators  it goes on for years!
look inside your bag/purse.. name three things you see
FUCKING ELLAS A RETARDED CUNT ALOT OF PEOPLE COULD DO A BETETER JOB THEN HERE SHES RACIST AGAINST BLACKS
:( PS3's are fantastic devices. Kicks XBOX's ass :D
Read your post   Sincerity Sucks.   Thank you! I feel less guilty for holding certain  sincere  people accountable for actions
Damn you for seeing the season premire over a month ago!!
that sucks *hugs* :(
not on your life  dick-tongue
Quit the gay ex and you wouldt sleep so much
damn that sounds soooo good right now  *jealous*
do you think your photogenic?
But of course! I saw the work  is doing on the ground. Great woman running that org! And a damn good driver too. ;-)
Damn he's doing sneeks for Nike and Louis Vuitton? Dude's gonna be rolling in dollar...
omg son i JUST figured out how to reply to youuuuuuu. i hate this lmao
 hate to break it to ya  but HD DVD is dead  u can still find cheap HD stuff  but it's not supported. Long live BluRay
damn iPhone keyboard. I find it astonishing that even in this era of social networking you can still be alone on a crowd
btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
u got me lemming for some laneige whitening shit! ive been breakin out lately n i need somethin to whiten my damn acne scars bleh
Hahaha!  Well take care then. We would hate to lose you to your homeland anyways.  Come back safe!
That really sucks.
yearly moby dick readathon in new bedford where melville began his story of the great white whale
I wanna fuck you.
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
Have you seen his ugly ass? he IS the phantom. Women wouldnt sleep with him if he didn't woo us with melodies and faux-mance
FOR REAL!!!! I NEED TO JUST STOP!!!! REALLY!!!! FUCK!!!!!
aww that sucks! Sorry to hear it :(
Grievances are to be aired during the airing of grievances  not after I pin your ass. You'll have to wait until next year. :)
man i'm jealous of your day! i'm also hooked on twitter. damn arv. like i needed another procrastinating tool like this.
no i think you will hate it. Its a bunch of dirty work.
kum get it
Praying for your grandmother and your momma. I hate that they are facing so much.
omgomgomg those shoes with the little flower holy fuck i want them
your still gay and a bitch haha
mhm ohkay slide yo numba nd iWill met yew lol
it's cos we're old now. sucks.
Seeing all the people that have passed away and just living for yourself and not the worldly pleasures like money and sex and blahhh bull crap
 i'm hammered and want you both at Hot Damn.
holy fuck.
I always forget about Yelp  but it's pretty damn useful. Thanks for the tip!
Dependss 
I think the Standtard is FILLED with imagination. No fucking news  but lots of make believe racist shit.
paaaaaaaarrrtttyyyy!!!!!!!! wait no... fuck it.... move over I'M MOVING IN!!!! HAHA!
Do you believe in Karma and Destiny?
Do you consider yourself a good dancer?
Just had a big ass waffle breakfast and am catching up on games from 08
that sucks balls!
whats ur myspace page??
makes even gay men question their sexuality.
Are your underwear and socks folded in your drawer or just thrown in?
GA has finally let out is inner ass and now everyone hates him :D
yeah
I'll be a crab ass with you. BAH HUMBUG!
I feel really sad for the fourth  fat  cat who can't play in the tunnel!
closing now. some gay xmas thing
nope.
Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because it must be soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
hehe  fucking shift  ... never heard of it in six months..... u get to fuck in da shift?
Damn skippay; tryna make my toes shine for '09.
lawl   fat bitchez.
Just admit ur a lesbian drug addict who flirts with guys  its okay(:
I think I was slow on the uptake there  I thought you meant some unamed specific char not in general. Retard day..as usual. XD
motherfucker stop drinking Red Bull ADDICT! watch ulcers eat at your stomach lining bitch!
Could be some accounts getting removed after suspicious behavior.  Damn spammers...
if gov is going to make it  uncomfortable  to be fat  expect it will work  shouldn't they also make it uncomfortable to be poor? #tcot
aww damn now u know how much your Christmas present was *sobs*
yeah. my boo just did but only cause ive been laying around like a hermet crab sick as a dog for the last couple weeks.
and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min  out!
No regrets  truly and ive done some stupid things but i wouldnt be where I am now without them :]
grown ass kid lol
ill settle that bitch down real quick
dang...i need to stop eatting cheese. Damn you kraft!
THANKYOU! HAHA
What is the last store you went to at the mall?
I hate missing jumbos.
What dead person would you least want to be haunted by?
emo-hair+hip hop-fitted hat
good u an ur no sharin ass LOL
samantha locascio <3 lmao.r but no  i just have that there cuz i like it
all the emo people will explode :o
 you are a man of action. great work Daniel. don't forget to record your fat loss seminar!
Cool buddy!   's new book The Body Fat Solution gets released on Thursday if you can help let me know
Also  you are not Canadian  fuck.
GA has finally let out is inner ass and now everyone hates him :D
can't make up my mind. Go out w my girl vip style and leave the dog home alone till morn  stay in or go to a gay pj party
that's why I throw a hard ice grill at him...no words...get the ticket and get the fuck out cause I've never had luck
mussels? or muscles. Damn web-people.
HOLY FUCK! GIRL YOU CANT DO STUFF LIKE THAT!
 Text me bitch!!! :)
cool.
grippos :) they are the bomb diggiety.
ham stands 4 hot ass mess
coz it is attended by a lot of FAT people. You don't want me to show you the pics  do you? Oh  you were in it too!
ill fight you bitch
YOUR MOM SUCKS ASS. Don't be such a douche. It's obviously not done. I'll add the fucking parm when the noodles are done.
no but i wanna
are you the person you want to be?
Nuno Bettencourt ftw. Damn!
I know it sucks  but I'm actually envious of you.  Though I have orientation for a tutoring program on the 14th.  Did I tell you?
 Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
Uhhhhh? Who is this?
Nahh because If i cared what others thought about me i would never get to think about what i care about. Caring about what others think is a waste of all time in my opinion. Its my life. Ill live it the way I want
HAHA...emo lawn.  I dig that!
yesh
How's having like no friend's 
I just got done busting my ass for the day. I need Booze!
damn I have to drive my dad to the airport that time oh well wonder wit it's about
h2o. snapple raspberry white tea. oj-homestyle with all the juicey bits
lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
Injections don't work in Vista? I tried in XP  didn't work there either  crazy bug or something :(. Damn you C++ Win32 API!
twitter is like elvis  love it or hate it  but thousands of fans can't be wrong  read into it :) 
shut your ass up I did....they got me though
do you like the sound of the wind chimes?
I read WP as WordPress but damn that is hilarious.
this is a place for QUESTIONS  try asking some.r will you do me?r what color of condom?r kidding. but really.
a pussy snow
dont worry im not anywhere near that club 2nite..ghetto ass poetry club
FUCK.
dont watch talk shows.
dam..she cold and she cold in live..by any means necessary you gotta do what you gotta do except for hate of course..lol
Dude. That  Sleeps with Angels  song can straight up have my ass bawling. I also love the song  Hey Hey  My My  and Harvest Moon
some squatter got it long ago. And you my friend are a dick ;)
aww damn now u know how much your Christmas present was *sobs*
hmmm im not sure.
That sucks  at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
Read your post   Sincerity Sucks.   Thank you! I feel less guilty for holding certain  sincere  people accountable for actions
normally when i challange..it's more of a  Fuck you leave me alone  responce
fat ol santa may eat a cookie  but he will also touch the youngest while they sleep.
no good man  it rained all damn day!
How would you fancy being Jeff's resident bitch? Just his pet  he can take you out for walk and stuff. Straighten your hair...
BOOO!!! We missed out on date night. I hate the Tinder Box.
vampires hate lights tp twilight vampires GLITTER in sunlight.lmao.and twilight werewolves dont need fullmoon to transform. wtf.
I don't wanna sound gay or nuthin'  but that sir... is an arousing pic.
morning. How u 2day? Pls tell Gary we practising at 4pm 2day. I will cum early 2 pick up parcel at gatesville post office.
helping someone without them knowing who did it.
Yes :)
yeah. subconscious sucks sometimes. always telling me what I'm doing is wrong. Most of the time it's not. :)
Thank you :)
So you are right... reciprocity is a bitch Just not in the way that Lauren Hill meant it
Fav Fantisey ?? Doesn't have to be Sexual   do you want to rich or famous or just live on a deserted Island ?? Anything
makes you feel cheap doesn't it.  I hate that clients use these things...
Who's the funniest person you know?
yes yes  so gay.
damn  prolly not! Now  I wanna know! LOL
haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
no flash?  how good is the  low light setting  on cameraphones these days?  it pretty much sucks on my Tilt.
You can come entertain me. I don't have class til 11 tomorrow. And I am almost done with this damn paper.
Well  DAMN...Thanx For NOTHING!
aww  that soo sucks D:
FUCK YEAH!
kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
hey everyone im gonna start spamming again starting tomorrow...if you dont want to be spammed then inbox me ASAP
dropped off some old 3.5  floppies. A System Disk and Mac Paint.  Retro Mac crap kicks ass!  Photo: 
AHHH I HATE THAT..
i REALLY hate you
rock out with ur cock out dude!!!
Ohh man i bet its tha shit!! Ohhkayy!(: be safe have fun!! <33
volleyball
Do you prefer hot coffee  iced coffee  or neither?
the worst is looking and touching the clothes and having to drag my ass out of the shop. f***. not easy.
i love you tabi!!! <3 (:
You have a beautiful smile and a great set!
That site just tells me I am fat  LOL
ha i hate rain  QTpie
hate u
THANK YOU! Beautifully worded. I'm so fucking sick of people just hating for hating. Everyone think they're so deep these days.
Looks like lobby card for  Ocean's 21: On the Half-Ass 
It happens. My body fat is down to 11.2%  so it's time to hit the weights again.
A COMMUNIST FUCKING DICTATORSHIP! Fuck Che Guevara. And all the t-shirts with him on them and those that wear them.
Guess there wont be much skidding then. As is said hope you're on the ground floor or everyone will hate Green Grass and High Tides.
oh well 2 baddddd
your mom/dad hate my monroe :(!!!!
Wow  that sucks.Merry Christmas to you and your honey wow  we are both celebrating 'firsts' on that one -The Bs
i couldnt agree more. HATE sandra lee!
RT this then GO fuck yourself stay the FUCL out of lives and HOPEFULLY you'll die a Horrendous DEATH for all to WATCH
damn  that sux
at least its not those nasty ass water bugs u had as roomates in Atlanta..Ew! Lol!
If you could ask Barack Obama one question what would it be?
what's up?
Hahah Helllz yess! I will mamas!!<3 love u!
oh  i am fine. But she will not be if she doesn't shut her fat fucking mouth.
ooo i guess you're too quick for me ;)
that sucks!
 You know some ppl like to piss off others and today I was a victim of this X-( sad but thx for those words ;)
You were searching for an Italian? Damn! I thought you were offering services.  I never get it.  No Italian here. Scottish...
If I could fly  I would've gone to __________.
I pronounce SQL:  Suckwell  PHP:  Fip  JPG:  Pig  silent J. I also speak fluent Klingon.
he is a HUGE POSER! I want Toyboy back!
lol. yeah man  the mall was fucking insane.
So who is it that you like?
i second that. i hate banks
it's colder here. I hate snow.
fucking jp losman
I bet they hate their lives deep down. They always treat me like an idiot when I'm there.
DM. damn.
holy frack dude! I went there alone  was ass tired mind you I was doing press tour from 7a-11p Can't imagine doing w/kids
dating a 4 year old? Damn. You're faster than me. I only caught 3 year olds name.
Whn we gonn b 2gether?
hehehehe(:
If you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?
um why not haha jks :)
the fuck is that?
Mine  I seem to fuck it up all the time. I'm off ~30 bucks. I'll leave it that way for 2-3 months and finally put an entry cont
fuck you
ice cream!! haha
touche i hate getting SHUT DOWN. I guess that's what I get when I pray for humility. at least I am a better student t ...
What one thing are you exceptionally good at?
HAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHA LULZ     your STILL a cunt!!!!! hahahahahahahah lulz lulz lulz lulz lulz
you are fucking killing me. Please come to a party at my house next time yer in LA. Rice pilaf will be ready
closing now. some gay xmas thing
everything
Totally.  The ass end of my Jeep is not  but no life forms were impacted.
hell no  i hate crowds!  i have no plans for tomorrow :(  what are you doing?
damn i miss that show already...we got like a 6 month wait...
yes very much lol =]
Do you have a cellphone or iPod with a patterened cover?
dudo kool that would be kick ass if u made it
Damn bro  double cheeseburger with mayo? You're speaking my language.
that sucks.  I do both at my work  which is a pain the rear-end too  because everyone thinks they're designers ;)
if u get a stye is it from seeing a dog shitting or fucking?  And what do I do with my fingers?  Consult H if u need to.
Well hell  looks like I know what I'll be doing Tues. This is the worst  no? Cold  dark  boring as fuck. I want 2 sleep til April.
It's just crazy. This boy is fucking up my sleep schedule. Probably why I don't mind too much. ;)
fuck em then! heh
Connection interrupted. God damn.
dude  that kind of sucks.
the trick is to not slut it up. it is to dress just under slut levels. so you get the attention but not questions on how much
do you think your photogenic?
Lol you!(:
dont hate!
Hi! Yea  Hate rolling out in it  but gotta do the do. You doing alright?
you're having a bad-snow-day... that sucks!  if you are snowed in  noone will see your hair right? Trying to state the positives
lol you'd go gay for Zac Efron
There are a few good knitting videos on Youtube. A combo of those  Stitch n Bitch  and nice neightbor ladies taught me :)
Injections don't work in Vista? I tried in XP  didn't work there either  crazy bug or something :(. Damn you C++ Win32 API!
BTW  when are you going to let Alice eat more than a fucking strawberry?
fuck that!
sigh.. I can telw you because altho you'll laugh at me at least you won't think I'm a freak or tell anyone.
bojangles? damn you! so jealous.
My face :/
ur mad ugly.
 i know  right!? it's lammmeee. except  i'd love her too.she's hot. and funny. you're right. i hate my life.
yeah... it sucks...
Aw  I know  I was just being emo haha.  It's been a LONG week on a lot of levels.  ha.  Let's do something fun tonight!
I am your most favouritest twitter person =}
did you help someone today?
no im definately a bigger nerd than you.
yea..brang yo ass down  son :) I'll be   Essence again...Staying   the W! thanxxxxxx Sony woop woop n da poop poop
church can also suck my dick.
This guy was that weird solid fat looking type with skinny legs. More funny than scary
damn! you people like your blowtorches! i'm feeling left out... i don't even own one. =( sad panda
sounds puuurty legit. :)
yes. Freakin 17 and in college since i was 16 ugh! It sucks. Hah
Holy Fuck Man  I've been thinking about you. That's fucked up.
omg srsy?? I loved ami  kat would always piss me off. She was always mad for no reason.
Miley's a HOOCHIE! BIEBER ALL THEE WAY GHURL!!or boy!<33
yeah I know it sucks  but out of chaos there might be a little bit of order...
a kids cereal. :]
oh! I saw the ex earlier. Asked if I  fancied a fuck  before he left the hospital. I politely declined.
Yvonne that's a french ass name Yvonne.  My little cwasont 
yes. raccoon. and i freaked. it was coming onto the expressway. only thing ive ever hit and plan on hitting. haha
You guys have funny answers :] Do you read peoples answers to your questions like i do? :D
damn couldn't tweet coz of school
I know Ripley lives  I don't think the others do. Sucks to be them!
Oh  I would hate that too.  Three apps? That would barely get me started.
Don't ya just hate it when work gets in the way of eating?
I like the verses to the song....just not that lame ass auto tuning nigga on the hook
nope! :D
That sucks  at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
i literally could not breathe. that was so fucking scary.
omg who sent you a fuck you letter??
 Alice don't believe anything this kid says !!! I hate him  but only cause I love him so much..*sigh*
cool. But that fireplace looks totaly gay.
Thank you <3
Why you confused?
  hate me for it later  but it's not bad
nigga fuck put a Lil gin in it a drink dat shit son fuck 08
What's the last furry thing you touched?
that sucks that the internet is being twitchy. Hope it works soon. :(
i was gonna say control freak  but i'll work with your definition :-P
:P as much as i love the holidays i hate xmas music and decorations... oh and hate snow...
Top three tips: 1 scan updates  2 pay more attention to   replies and 3 set time limits before it sucks your day! ;)
sucks that the Source link is wrong
Fukin sun's blinding.... Reflecting off my damn phone screen
Minnie mouse
damn those Jets!  Hears hoping for happier fucks in the future. *blinks*
What trait do you love the most and least about yourself?
was that a racial comment? on it's going down!! bitch!
Can you imagine having that job? I would hate having to stand there  listen to folks pee. Seriously  not a great job.
Keep your damn hands off my   We claimed him first!
jabbawockeez.. what do you think about them?
fuck a sunburn. what are you 8? im on some shrimp cocktail and champagne by the pool. get your grown man
whos? ima slap the bitch.
ur smater than me then. last year  i was out on nye sick as fuck. came home with pneumonia
That doesn't sound nice at all. As somebody who was made redundant with one day to trade last year with Swatch  I know it sucks!
theres places to eat at LA Live tho. I need to fuck with over there..
Fuck that  boo the DJs who don't play Che..Dude has at least 5 songs every DJ should be playin HEAVILY...DJs need to stop slackin.
Heh  his name's Jeremy stupid little nerd  but he's up for any challenge. And he's about to break  anyway.
ahhh yur a slut for that stache!! damn gurl...tug it once for me too
hope your feelin betta girl  miss your punk ass around here!
What do you tell yourself when times get hard?
sucks to be you
say it to my face trick ass nigga i will fxckin murder you i aint tryna make no body feel bad so you can hush that you got something to say then please  step up  show a namee fuckinn bitch. whuss up?!
oh word? Back to the old photo? You green ass backdrop mother fucker!
I used to have a ton more than i do now. Why aren't we friends on fb yet??? hahaha
yea  b&b is awful!  olivia must have needed work  so they wrote her back in as a favor.  eva sucks!
There are two types of people in the world: those using  lol  ironically  and those that are fucking twats who deserve to die.
I couldn't agree more.  And if I didn't feel like such a loser I would say I win for understanding!
no-sign. i dont fuck with  rats 
if I wrote you a love note and made you smile with every word I wrote what would you do?
yeah go ahead and play victim  i do know you nico. thats how i know your a player.
damn ... that sounds real appealing now. Maybe geothermal coupled with wind and solar ... tho maybe heat coils take too much power
Midway sucks.
hate is good tho  free publicity  ppl who hate don't realize how much good it does to the other person
Scale: Brat on one side  Pacer truck on the other.... Oh. Too close to call. But  I must say  those backward seats kicked ass.
lol wen iFirst made diz ish yew was lyke hi so im juz asking who diz?
hey you know wat wud b funny? to find out who started tht lil cheap ass lie tht if u roll ur eyez they'll get stuck like tht! rndm
If only Edward and Bella were slightly less emo :)
hahahahahhaha ikr. :) but D: im not even talking to him hahahahahaahahahaha
You have an inbox folder for CYA  Covering Your Ass?
fuck no  I don't want to be PM or even a politician. I'm just tired of getting anally raped without any lube.
I wanna see her tall lanky ass playin tennis  lol
profile song!!!
hahahaha yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh member when i was makin cup cakes and he like would text me and be like hey its day and im like hi and we would talk for a min then all asudden it was you and id be like wtf in my mind
damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
dawns a Fucking twat and  that is the best song on the album
Yeah  me too.  If this damn twitter wasn't around  I'd be much more productive.
Thank you :)
what ethinicity are you? sorry you just looked so tan :)
yup sure can :)
I dont care if he has a right to  hate  or whatever....smart hate is great. dumb hate is boring and annoying
Wow. this is a hard 1 i dnt think ive had 1 or i have many! I love my smoothies tho! YUMMIE!
anna just has to ruin the holidays for me  just like every year. Damn you anna!
ok I don't care what  says about being PC bc that is SO queer. And ftr  my gay friends would say something worse! ;)
You know it :]
Idk what love stoned is.. so idk haha
 Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
why do you eat so much you fat bastard
sure you can  I'll hide the flashlight. go emo go!
Dang! Looks like InGen has moved away from dinosaurs and are doing 70's tokusatsu heroes  now. Damn you  John Hammond!
fuck you  dude. it is more than amazing.
yah dont really need anybodi rite now
what do you do when you get upset?
Yeah  and T-Mobile Germany offers unlimited Worldwide calling to other T-Mobile phones. USA only offers Nationwide. Sucks.
I should brush my bangs over my eyes and join you in emo grief.
okay
Wow! That sucks.
Alexis  Is A Bitch Whorer Hahha Jk Alexis I Love You  r Its Anthony.Formspring's Being A Doucher So I Cant Login In:D
Hmm..sloth is what came to mind lol but its not really what I wanted. haha maybe  dragon :]
how many pillows do you use?
how long have you been together?
my good friends
thankyou.
Are you a lonely boy?
weird.... Nick are you going emo??????
1 it depends on how u come at me. 2 if my 1st impression of you sucks I prob won't be so warm  bubbly. I'm mean though.
I haven't been online all day  whore.  Trust me... one post from me is going to be more than you want at your house.
it's emo because you used a razor. An explained joke isn't funny. :(
nah  i just think i deserve it. sometimes  you have to reward yours. its been 3 years since my fat boy days
psshhh!! your on the WRONG side of SHUT THE FUCK UP!
both cuz im an arm rest nazi :D
amusing thought... I'm not leaving my gayborhood. I love where I live. I heart gay people. Great food  shopping  friendly  safe...
they're not gross. U shaddup u fat ass HATER!!!  yes I made them for mark  my son.
#twitter showed the fail whale once since morning to me already! :)
damn kid...condolences homie 
yes. sacto cali- driving back to palo alto later tonite. eventually i'll get off my ass n shoot.
how many hugs do you get a day?
Hey  don't knock the Port+OJ until you've tried it.As cold remedies go  you're still sick but no longer give a damn. ;)
With the departure of the Sonics  I've adopted them as my squad. I still fuck w/ CP3 and the Hornets  but I gotta go Pacific NW.
i hate u
you must REALLY hate Christmas then!
WOOT!! 8 pounds is AWESOME! YES  you can! 1 pound at a time... I need to get my ass in gear ;)
Tommy blows cock! lol
i loveeeee my chocolate man ;) lmao <3
hahahah  I love your Bio (; OH OH OH question.. WHY CAN'T PEOPLE SPELL?! VV (:
ugh  you know ro fucking reminded me about red bull.  i told her when i wake up my bibingka's gonna be sore. )-: nightmares!!
keep it inside. almost always
Tommy blows cock! lol
Hey buddy  you've been kicking ass and taking names.  Keep up the good work.
That sucks. I was actually a guest on there! My first time on the radio.
church camp once. it was fun but we got kicked out.
wow emo... Ik ben benieuwd...
What's the best gift you've ever given?
The Beatles or The Temptations?
but damn I look good on it.
It's gay as fuck? I wasn't aware fuck could be gay? Why are you cussing?
it'll be GREAT for them  I know. Just sucks to have to miss them and worry about them for that long.
why do you eat so much you fat bastard
ummm. Ya. That's pretty damn pimp.
Damn! That gets rid of the badge but the name still stays! Oh well  thanks for the tip!
LMFAO!  If you haven't seen this  you totally need to.  
pictures pictures and more pictures
Yes you are a loser... I could have told you that a long time ago...
some loser had already. He did Daniel by elton john
broke freezing my ass off with -1 temps  ice lol.  Ross
When was the last time your inbox was empty? Lol do you remember what an empty inbox likes
umm a homeless guys with blackberry haha
yo i can kick yall ass for that synth in the begining..GOOD SHIT!!!
Damn straight.
It sucks :(
i hate school =(
retard?
Love one another. Kindness is the key to happiness :]
uhmmm..almost has that  infinity mirror  look to it...lol!! Freak someone out after a few good drink ...
yes  it's winter time and i'd hate for her ears to get cold out there on the ocean city boardwalk.
yeppp
i second that. i hate banks
You done started something! Got me all nostalgic and shit KNOWING good and damn well I got work to do...LOL
:)
i'd love to visit or live in san diego cause of yr round warm weather. i hate cold so bad. crowds n traf would b my probs there
cmon babe just tell me ur favorite position i want to get ot know you and i want to know what ur favorite position is
eat a dick you complain about texas all day shove it it! you just got told your suck a dick! so eat one
I wouldn't say being gay was cool :L
a recovering emo blogger...in the voice of andre 3000  don't do it  reconsider  read some liter ature on the subject 
I take my son and it works wonders.  Nobody wants to fuck with a parent.  It just looks bad.
adangta kan jadi bitch ane. enough taa. aku marah ne  *buat muka mrh* esh
that sucks  Jon. Hope he's well in time for Christmas.
**bitch*** lol VVV
really? You dont want to know anything about me.
lenee  that bo*o ass incense you gave me smells like an episcopalian funeral. lol! choked out saturday night  etc.
what if he is  interested  in being  taken  by a  gay  person  hehe
Wait. Are you Cheyenne? I sent a request to you? Wait  why is your name Tabitha?? R u fake????
wow that really sucks. LOL.
Damn  you've had more jobs than  um  er  well  you're just always employed! lol
oh lol gotcha... well i'm a fruit freak. i don't like melons  strawberries  the list goes on.. one day in heaven i'll like it all
as much as i hate auto-DM's  i also check out links if they're music related.
I yell back sometimes but i dont like to be yelled at
song jocker!r
I hate that too!!
she ain't a bitch I'm just pretty awesome
yeah i am glad i have the next 2 days off.. I just have to get through xmas eve and the weekend afterwards. damn gift cards
AJULA NO DONT FUKIN TALK TU HERRR  VVV
damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
Wow  what a fine uke.  It's tempting  but I want my charango with 10 strings and damn near impossible to play.
Sounds more reasonable. I hate having to buy 8+ presents for my very small family alone. Soulless Myer gift cards FTW
Do you and Timmy have a KI pass? :D
nope  it's spent already unfortunately. Fuck christmas. lol.
 i'm hammered and want you both at Hot Damn.
nice to meet u and your trilla patent leather 4.5 inch bitch pumps lol
wtf? That is so gay.
Well  I'm not sure how the thing is in my finger  but there was some drinking on a cold cold cold roof and I got emo.
I have three pairs on!! having low blood sugar sucks :(
yes
no thanks
hell no  i hate crowds!  i have no plans for tomorrow :(  what are you doing?
Its just the way this world works these days. haha
Eh... me looking at pages and pages of pictures of naked gay japanese boys isn't helping me much....
What do you think is your most attractive feature?
hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up 3333 ya
that's what you fucking get for that fucking video!
Get fucking real dude.
In fact I hate the after effects naps bring me. I feel worse and might sleep longer as planned.
no fucking lie  lol everywhere i go...twitter myspace i see you... you were on 1 of my homies page!
aww that's awful!! XD I loved the art  and watching them all freak out. I hated the asian dude  he was a dmbass.
 Fuck yeah!
my dad i thnk haha
Do you think that society has become emotionally detached?
lol  we could do that now if only I could be bothered getting off my fat ass and coming to Perth.
Yeah! This blond gay guy came to audition. I almost fell out of my chair when I saw him. He looked identical to chris corner!
thursday. its always overlooked. ahaha
thats not a lot of age difference....come on you know you wanna fuck him :P...JOKES
you are fucking killing me. Please come to a party at my house next time yer in LA. Rice pilaf will be ready
Naah (;
awz cum ova
Kitty face!!!!
i kicked ur ass on balloono A.K.A the bommer man thing i was lameguestbunch of numbers
Thats a hard 1    *thinkin* Maybe Bustin Jieber? I think! haha
lol how cute u have friends that back u up :] doesnt matter. ur still a fake bitch :] go find a real bf. not someone out of ur league. lol ugly ass
yes YAY! you guessed it right ;) and i cant call you! :L
you're a fucking maniac.
Wow for awhile I thought I was the only one getting these poser follows... Phewwww Nightmare over. Thanks
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
jealous! I will still hug u  lick ur face off  grab ur ass  and dry hump u a little bit when I c u.  Whatever!
okay. Fuck me. Way to start the new year.
What is coolhot  and only as smart as the person using it?
Idk hoe get cha own cup of blackberry with a hint of lemon ice tea. Dayumm! hahah JK Brooke?
It sucks :(
yes
Who do you lyk?
cont. I would get embarraced  I didnt do drugs but was like a HUGE man with what I could handle?sucks I guess if I wanted to  
lmfao! bad ass!
Yes! All of those twitters were directed at Frank Miller and his horrible screen play! DAMN YOU FRANK MILLER ILL KEEL YOU!
home now. Misses wont let me drink beer tonight cus I gotta do shit tomorow morning.Sucks.
Do you give it up easy? As in sex wise :|  Or do you play hard to get it?
We're all Human. its in some ours genetics i believe.
why thankyou =]
yo freak  sarath freak 
eddie izzard says the brits pronounce  herb  with the h  because there's a fucking h in it. 
besides english what other languages can you speak?
can you please make me a dance your ass off video? Kthxbye.
the matrix still Kicks ASS!!!!!
grab that... It's yours  bitch!
e.g.: Mac: Windows sucks! Fitt's Law! My menu at the edge! NeXT: Whatevs  n00b. My menu is right here  where my mouse is. Suck it.
bitch better share this vivid alt shit isnt doing anything for my vagina and its moistness. fuck.... EON I WANT TOSEECOPULATION
holy sh** Im tired from reading ur shopping stops. How big of a family you have?Damn!
What would your perfect day look like?
    I'm 500 pages in AND at the day job.  Eat that dick.
Not to me :/ damn though. i hate being sick.
Glad you had a great time. Can't wait to see all the pics on FB  Flickr  etc. Hate to have been out of town and missed it
ass face -_-
lmao i no hahahahahhahahahahahaha thats what im sayin
Do you like Dina?
lol....damn backwards smileys
WTF! Why did you not pick up your phone yet a mother fuckin gain! Are you trying to tell me something? I called you twice damn it
nahhh
hehehe. mine pleasure. Btw I too so loves it  when people be presumptous pricksy wicksies! feel jolly nice for me ass to rub on.
gay people have just as much of a right to be as miserable as straight people! ;)
there was no fucking egg nog at the store i got a low fat chocolate milk fuck this bullshit
 everyone kind of just disappeared after the food  I'm not leaving it there for some jelly-bean givin jack ass to take!
omg! what are you in the mood for.. i crock pot my ass off!
damn man kn frnd e
Well i thought that you were at first but I've realized that you're intentions are good and i wanna get your number ;)))
Do the Alphabet song and Twinkle  Twinkle Little Star have the same tune?
tim. i dont think men are hot.
You suck dick.
lol kevin bought me damn near nothing and we dated for over 10 months. my life sucks.
ah sucks  maybe Redcliffe then  I guess it depends on what time I get up tomorrow haha
It's ok buddy. I hate flying  too.
:/ ugh.. why are you doing this again?
That wasn't me
that song is so emo to me
Who was your first celebrity crush?
fuck andre! it's strippers lol you coming home to him!
Yeah  she did this huge ass rant to me about how i'm going to die alone and how i'm going to regret ever breaking up with her.
~santi~ 
the ending sucks like hell.
just found the email buried in inbox  count me **IN** i've been on the receiving end of foodbanks growing up. it SUCKS BIGTIME
volleyball
I want beach now. Damn.
I've made myself achingly sore playing mario anything on the wii. lol LOVE that  game. Rainbow Road is a bitch. :D
all day son all day GBG grab ya cock if ya love hip hop
thats the only set back  and its a bitch to send ish back
gah!  Damn you spoilers!  I'm only on season threeeeee!
wen it comes to other stuff shes so fast and then wen i ask for stuf frknn slow ass takes a month or two
Do you ask questions that sometimes you really don't want the answer too?
Fuck that  boo the DJs who don't play Che..Dude has at least 5 songs every DJ should be playin HEAVILY...DJs need to stop slackin.
Hate to bring this up  um  but did you see how ur last tweet came out?
yea school sucks sometimes. thanks bro figured id mess around on here to waste some more time from studyin ha
What is it you like best about your mateu2019s personality. What do you like the least?
they're not gross. U shaddup u fat ass HATER!!!  yes I made them for mark  my son.
You done started something! Got me all nostalgic and shit KNOWING good and damn well I got work to do...LOL
Josh needs medication. Stat. Can i kick his ass for you now?
Do you believe in love?
I gained this week too  I hate it b/c I knew it before I went in  and held my accountability and wi. It makes me determined
Honey  we all hate long division.  Look for things to hate that make your personal hate list special and distinctive.
 kicks some serious ass.
I'm gay and I'm pregnant gak mungkin berhasil. This guy is persistent. Gmn ya. Can I just simply ignore his msgs??? :-D
I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #socialmedia because... Shes damn good at everything to do with Social Media.
that sucks  I know he was looking forward to that hook up...
i will but now the only problem is im realllyyyy not looking forward to seeing some gay show
yes of course. i would love to be a pirate. always. errrgg.
nasty ass bishes
oh this sucks  would love to hang out but I am heading to Costa Rica and won't be back until the new year.
 yo...heroes sucks!!! I loved season 1  despised 2 and feel like season 3 is a lousy high school special. BOO HISS BOO!!
my and timothys anniversary. we went to boi na braza  the brizillian steak house downtown cincinnati. its was super snazzy :)
Drunken twitter kicks ass!
How many floors does your home have?
and you're a smug cunt  so it must be true!
What are you most excited about right now?
mine used to be. i used to take 30 ish minute showers. lately they have been between 15 and 20 minute showers :] so im saving water yay! :]
samanthaaaaaaaaaa
oh  i hate it. self righteous people makes me want to scream.
Rockets... damn. makes me wanna turn ne-yo's gay ass off my tv and just sit here.
yeah my son works at Barnes N Nobles...played the mamma mia soundtrack overNover- they all hate it now but sing and dance along!
damn.  did you buy bitchy too?
What's your ethnicity?
Haha  i knowww.r i was kiiddding!
Idk  I don't really look forward to the weekend. Just means there's another week coming ahead.
i fucking hate that word  hahaha.
those puppies get heavy. believe me. and clothing is a bitch to fit. cherish your perkiness.
Hitch hike babay haha
When does school start for you? Mine starts Aug. 19th 
Dear Eron: the drums sound fucking incredible....  Er.. I mean godly incredible.
What's your song of the day?
sure will
Yeaaah
Oh my fucking ~*gawd. *eye roll*
Santa Cycle Rampage Ride starts at 10:30 at the Fat Abbey Bier Cafe Juneau and Water. Bring your best red and white costume.
Settings will not let me upload an image...for 3 days now the fail whale says Running at Capacity  I have a feeling its the cache?
And then they snap and get psycho on your ass!
why would u say fat people are dumb?
amazingly  i have yet to hit the one down the street with a molotov  scream  fuck the police  while doing so.
and yes.  true life  i have tourettes  is genius.  so is  i went to fat camp   lmaooooooo
i hate u like miniature dogs hate people dressing them in t-shirts and little booties.
Who would make a better spy...a woman or a man?
Do you like the movie Chronicles of Narnia?
Yes. And im sure there are tons that soo could.
OMG! I hate when people say that!
If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
Damn  miss that whitney too! You getting me in the christmas spirit...I didn't even put up a tree this year :(
thank you so much for the energy!! i wish i definitely knew it was teething  i hate not knowing. he just stopped sleeping!!
am deleting all that bell-end Pineapples comments  so he keeps posting more. Cunt.
i really like my friend.r but its complicated.
!!!!!!!!!! ya bitch  u prove it
r How much do looks matter to you in a guy/girl?
Disco time babyyyy hahahah :P
What the /fuck/? XD
Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
Compared to Eeyore and that stupid bear and that demented pig? I think hes fine.
yes.
We are flat broke. Ihave a year of paid hosting left on Bluehost. What can a broke ass ho do? Eh?
remind me to tell you about screaming at our fat naked neighbor at our old place.
which celebrity do you think  is the most overrated?
just read the archive artile on your old site. love the jones comparison. how much hate mail did you get?
Well damn you just made this Jersey boy drool alittle. That's how I like to see my Jersey women step out. You have great feet 2
women are fucking disgusting.
Hell  I'm upset they allow him to get near a fucking camcorder  let alone direct anything. He'd fuck up a 3rd grade play.
  re demotix/I&P post comments: the ignorant shld read some history  the knowledgeable grow some fucking balls!
same here...i got new sox they are pink and black...even though i hate pink...they are striped.......................
lol im ready for it
torment isn't much my style.
Are you nice to people you dislike?
they think we only ride chevys and cadillacs...damn stereotypes
damn your evil 60 minute IPA beckoning me from the fridge right now...
how fucking sad is the OVA of Samurai X...i didn't want to watch that.. fuck i almost cried.. lol :P jk
I hate when it's implied I'm not evolved enough if I dislike something. so I don't mind it in some books....but usually there's
Oh  I would hate that too.  Three apps? That would barely get me started.
Errmm...Harry potter? lol
Loser! Are you back for Chrimbo or staying out there?
i have a whole bunch! :D but the 2 memories i remember currently that are the best are with kelly and ashley. kelly being a kickass weekend filled with fun in slo and ashley being the renaissance faire and the 3oh!3 and cobra starship we went to :D
Of course  I'm hanging out for the Core i7 Mac Pros. Can't wait to see one of those babies murdering ANSYS problems. Hehehe./nerd
thanks ... i'm still working for that damn six pack. when are you going to train me?
depends on your plan. if you pay out the ass for it  no.
Listen to music  feed my newwest fishy :] and cuddle with my boyfriend. Unless im not happy with him and then  I go hang with my family. They always make me happy hahhaha
You won't miss much.  Her husband is cheating  she's pregnant  he's an ax murderer  her son is gay. That's pretty much the soaps
you can fuck right off about that hoodie thieving comment
lmao  yea i know i hate it D:
yeah  I hope he doesn't freak out about us hating it. And is there an online list?
hey sugar tits! wanna meet at night? ill be racing my evo..metallic blue with white stripe on top...i got tinted front windows too. look for me!
Nahhh. only that the occean is dispicably turning to oil at the rate of people saying ohh who really cares and the welfare of the creatures living in it is in our hands....not too much of a concern thooough...
o so the rumors are true i am OBESE! yea fat!
no.
Well  DAMN...Thanx For NOTHING!
I do but it sucks at scrabble.
]=
Depends on if I were in the country and who I was with.. But i'd say figure if it had anyone it belonged to and if not spend it! ;)
i really like dane cook
it's stupid for me to be upset over  really. fuck.
hey do you have a hairy ass i would love to put my tounge deep in you
Do you prefer Tupac the best singer in the WORLD i mean was he dead and who doesnt like lee
Is like putting Lipstick on a Pig!  You were perogued! LIVE WITH IT! #canadawest
Are yu shy when yu first meet people or are yu the one who always sparks up the conversation 
you need to work in that department so you can clean your smelly ass.
will do when i get home  only time i heard it was warped though  fuck life!
Marc got home ok...but said he might've fuckied his rim up. I told his ass the pierogies  sausage wwere gonna knock him out....
SUPERMAN!!!((:
he's like a curse r he's like a drug r you'll get addicted to his lover you wanna get out but he's holdin you down r r sing it babe!!! :)
I hate having to work ALL the time :)
The Hills! Chuz Lauren was thee whole point it was clld thee Hills and there is 2much drama! Bhut I still wtch it chuz i love 2 laugh at thee dumb shit! Spencer is a prick btw!;0
my bleeping employment agency f***ed up my pay *again*. Didn't come on 24 Dec. Now have to wait until 2 Jan. I hate temping
This week in fuck?
it sounded a lot like that  actually. Fucking Hagrid.
man! and you're texting while driving? haha crazy! damn you're lucky. i wish my parents would let me go! 30% chance i'm going
Ooops. I knew that! Totally did No sarcasm. I hate typos. My fingers are a mind of its own.
Nahh i dont think so. i like my privacy too much ;)
Yes i do!
because i'm a dumb ass.
by a str8 terms technically no penetration means you still have ur vcard but in gay terms she isn't a virgin. sex is sex
re: why friendfeed sucks  no doubt a powerful utility but with a high learning curve and non-intuitive user experience
I hate my life haha
san diego  we will be in la in february  is this a destination that you would enjoy? Your cock will feel awesome!
Eagle.
damn yeah
I want ________ to be my sister.
damn man kn frnd e
pls do....i was gon call molly maids up in this piece. i hate cleanin with a passion so early spring cleanin is some mf'in bull
sucks man.
 I HATE THAT...
How do you feel when someone disagrees with everything you have to say?
That sounds like Charter.  I hate Charter.
FUCK YOU!!!!! I'M DIVORCING UR FUCKING ASS!!!!! HMP!!!
dont hate. its coming along NICELY. me and nepa.... we're goood. :)
social network whore!
hate you both!!
Im so jealous. But I'll be eating that same rice pudding in 9 days. Enjoy the fuck out of your trip
damn.
 aw shucks you guys...are gay.
it is not only terrible... it really sucks.
yea dani thats kind of gay sorry to tel u lol
...saw your wall post...fix your damn phone foo...
Damn homie...I've got a comfy ass couch at my spot  zimbabwe that puts NYC to shame...You should have hit me up...
Have you ever used drugs?
I am off for right now. I feel sick. And personally I hate being sick. So leave me things to make me smilequestions. Thanks babes!<3
/nerd *laugh*
that is so true! I hate summer when it's here  and then I hate winter!
Mary?! lol hahahaha
hate MobileMe...but I host my website on there...
sorry i missed you   Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy  I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
dude dont tell me what to do thats not your place. i do what i want. just chill the fuck out and worry about yourself.
fat ol santa may eat a cookie  but he will also touch the youngest while they sleep.
i am  just so behind now   it sucks.
depends on your plan. if you pay out the ass for it  no.
uhmmm 
Maybe you should get your dick out of your ear next time I'm explaining them to you!!
Lady Gaga has recieved 13 nominations at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards  she has beaten Michael jacksons record of 11 nominations  do you think she really deserves all those nominations?
amusing thought... I'm not leaving my gayborhood. I love where I live. I heart gay people. Great food  shopping  friendly  safe...
Some liberal gay atheists or Republican fund raisers should jump on that. ;)
Nerd.
Do you prefer regular or chocolate milk?
it back safely...misssed this damn weather.  I think it may be too cold to go on my date  yo...
Prison Bitch is a sparkling addition to any resume.
Would you like to go to space?
Hey! Remember me? Lizzy from the David Cook forums. How've you been? I'm guessing pretty damn awesome right now... =P
FUCK YOU!!!!! I'M DIVORCING UR FUCKING ASS!!!!! HMP!!!
P33T WIFF HIS BIG GAY TEEFS!!! BRYCE FROM TRS AND HIM SHOULD HAVE BABIES AND THEY'D HAVE AMASING TEEFS
I hate that. Stupid Gator fans. Making Christians look bad. :)
it calms my mind in the world khaos of insanity.
LMAO!   ur new pet...I thought u sent me a pic of a big ass butterfly...lol!
some retarded oracle peoplesoft login thing keeps coming up on my enrolment cart page and i don't know what the fuck is going on!
seriously take a wild guess! then message me on myspace or comment me or text me. we need to talkk.
Not to me :/ damn though. i hate being sick.
Way to go loser  how does it feel to be an inanimate objects bitch? Must feel terrible to NEED something to be normal. Shame on you!
I know  Bruce Springsteen fucking RULES  HE'S THE BOSS
:))
lol figured. So anyway  anna is still being a bitchsorry for the language She doesnt want to go on the trip. So now onto plan B
sorrrrrrrrrrry.
Ohhh uhhh?? No to be honest.
WTF! Why did you not pick up your phone yet a mother fuckin gain! Are you trying to tell me something? I called you twice damn it
Yes. yes. and i have the idea of it. as long as i have the paper thatt tells me which numbered spark plug goes where..i could do it :)
i dgaf
i used to have night shift   IBM..... but alas without fucking.....
Florida :] always.r But i wanna see the grand canyon.
Gah fuck off  tainting my private account with new followers. xD
Dick through brains
yeah  I tried calling... Even left him a long ass message.  come back to us!
who tha fuck is Krista r this is not Krista
damn...wish I knew how to write script. I just did 9 and have 7 more to upgrade.
u32e1What impossible things did you believe today before breakfast?
I just wanted a fucking money order and it took 40 minutes to get it. They won't even look at you if you're on your mobile phone.
dearest babydoll  vv Stop trying to start shit  grow the fuck up. I mean really? Is this what you do for a living is ask people if they're fake  ruin peoples lives? Grow some balls  grow up   stop starting stuff(:
pls do....i was gon call molly maids up in this piece. i hate cleanin with a passion so early spring cleanin is some mf'in bull
bitch ass hot sounds pretty crappy.
  wow I totally know that fine line between love and hate! #dead_by_january_i_didnt_sign_up_for_this_shit
how did you spend your 2 weeks time with out formspring?
they won't let us live anywhere without coming up our ass. I want to move  now ):A
damn. thats crazy early. i wont hit the city til 9:30 but i will be a few blocks from the spot.
I can guess  smelly slut.
I thought they separated a few years back because he found out about her past adventures. these celebrity couples suck ass...lol
Hey
lol ok dork  i don't hate you. But g'night.
Both? LOL! jk
I got it for Wii  when I get back from my dad's we're gonna play and it will be so kick-ass.
I survived mass layoffs for the last 7 years. For the last 3 years we've been told we're muscle  not fat.
I survived mass layoffs for the last 7 years. For the last 3 years we've been told we're muscle  not fat.
Sorry to hear that. Sucks! Who is the supe?
Laughhh loud and zip it of course :] hahaha
Wheres the fucking egg nog brah?
Retard. Section E is?
nahhh
How's having like no friend's 
I just assumed when you said  meet  you mean suck his dick  cuz that's what you do when you go to  meet  people.
Israelis to Spanish FM ... Kiss my ass.
Actually  Dick Cheney slashed the funding of the program and cut the staff down to 1 person  which is why it looks so bad.
I dont think we will ever know ALL of what is truly hidden underneath the glaciers and ice caps of the sea but i think there may be creatures beyond our belief. Like an iccey polar dragon :) haha jk
Ikrr that wud be awesome!!! I wish ;D
yep...that whole damn mixtape gets me hype lol
Not very often
looks like twhirl's got whale-itis. i am unable to log in from my office mac too.
I would so travel thee world  Visit my overseas besties then shop everywhere!<3
Do you judge people on what they look like?
do you like like that ''jaybee alexander''??
LIKE HOW U SAY WHAT THE FUCK AND CLEAN IT UP WITH HECK LOL
Favorite Sesame Street Character?
Im dead serious.Real athletes never cheat don't even have the appearance of at his level. Fuck him dude seriously  I think he did
Why do you kombat when I have to leave the computer!! DAMN YOU!!!
HOLY FUCK!
kkkkayy
Not everyday. Usually when I wanna pretty or im going out for something special :)
You're quite right. I withdraw my aggressive commenting. Fuck-ton should be more widely used.
dude no offence you're awesome but currently I think I hate you. :0
Luckily im not in highschool anymore. No more next periods for me haha
If rabbitsu2019 feet are so lucky  then what happened to the rabbit?
that sucks man...
LOL! The out-of-town revelers are arriving early for NYE...Damn tourists
when they mean fake  they mean your attitude is fake and your personality  not if shes dead or alive..um just saying ppl.
Cute :)
hahahahaaha the way you were them makes you appear that way.
...If you want to go back to Idaho so bad why dont you??? ... Texas doesnt want you here anymore than you want to be soo .. just leave!!!
but u have to process the milk in some fashion to cut the fat content in half
..
Also  you claim you won't change who you are. But I want you to change from a Guinea Pig into a monkey. Monkeys are awesome!!!
nah i hate watermarks.. plus i should stop being a hypocrite though as i post things out of google image search on the regular.
he is a HUGE POSER! I want Toyboy back!
i love you to :)r thanks people are lameee
What color is your toothbrush?
i couldnt agree more. HATE sandra lee!
sadly true  mens lifestyle walks a fine line between britneys bits  and articles about pectoral development for gay guys...
fuck you op
toothpaste that you are using?
Last night you felt?
RT Fat Bastard my beagle is writing his  tail-all  confessional diary about online dating...
LOL im so sorry im just so fucking high atm 
okay ill check it out
damn! no good. have a good time man.
you're the bitch :) fuck off.
Quit my job of a year and half at Kroger to go on a girls vacation after I graduated to panama city  fl. :) I did it in two days and took the money I had to go have fun
I know.. but it sucks the whole family is down and out and i have to work :(  Plusthe nanny is out of town.
George Lucas' Guide to Sucking Cock?
Hahaha!  Well take care then. We would hate to lose you to your homeland anyways.  Come back safe!
YES!  that place has damn good Bar-B-Q.  MMMMM  I'm jealous.
Lmao not as bad as other people :) *cough*   *cough* my Mommys :) Hehe. Are you a twitter whore? :)
fuck 'em
Yes. And im sure there are tons that soo could.
are you working?
 you are a man of action. great work Daniel. don't forget to record your fat loss seminar!
You coming to work today  E? I know it's Gay Day and all. I wasn't sure if you were gay or just running late.
have you seen the trailer for Lindsay Lohan's new movie machete? if so what do you think?
you are GAY!!!!!
Shrug it off. I'm prolly there to have a good time so i wouldnt phase it.
yep...that whole damn mixtape gets me hype lol
:D touche! rockstars   rockstartups. hehe best of luck wit the 2 boys throwing ideas.damn wish i was there! :(
God damn. That's some stocking up.
700. you glutinous bitch!
damn 'reply' button ... -.-
I both love and hate the sticks! I'm finally going home tomorrow.
:-( it sucks running on no sleep :-(
Hahaha ohmyGod you are an actual jerk
I should round house kick ur al qaeda lookin ass in the face with my flip flops!
484 264 3364  you should call me.
Hahah!! ohhkayy?!?! lol Wht do you call a deer with no eyes? I have no ideer! haha Classic  umm i suck at this haha
On Gilligans Island  how did Ginger have so many different outfits when they were only going on a 3 hour tour?
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
Are you eating anything right now?
hahahaha jealous? WHY? haha hello!
lmao ikr. I knew you would hate it. I couldn't watch it without laughing hysterically
really. travis?
why did you fuck it up. I could do it all day too. Let's do it when you have an hour. Ping me later to sched writing a book here.
damn  sean and scott just cuttin heads out like some slumdogs
that's what I was JUST tellin' myself !! Hahaha I said  Fuck it Kel  just DO IT and get it DONE !!  But I complain the whole way
you must REALLY hate Christmas then!
gotta love the gay kid who was drumming trying to get his head in the pic tho HAHA
l
haha  that's ghey. Tell them it sucks balls and they need a real designer.
no
N E V E R.
thankyou.
I nominate  in categories  -jack-ass and  
Happiness is too complicated to say yes or no. I like to think so.
damn iPhone keyboard. I find it astonishing that even in this era of social networking you can still be alone on a crowd
The ole Cell Phone Yeller in the Elevator. That sucks.
Billy is really kicking ass... Dark vs New mini-poster will be in comic shops in 2 weeks BTW.
You clearly haven't seen the post-shoe interviews. The man is such a fucking narcissistic idiot. I didn't know hate til he was prez.
chicken veggie penne. Its amazingg :]
happy for you  sucks for me!  this should have been SNOW!
faka... update your twitter you fucking homo sapien.
that sucks;{
apologizing for overactive hormones SUCKS.
did you help someone today?
what a coincidence! I'm wearing my fat jeans today and it felt like they were my skinny jeans!
Are you laughing your ass off with all these  juicy  twits?
Keep your damn hands off my   We claimed him first!
i want to call him disgusting but i cant :|  he's 20.  he is gay.
HER ass is on top
i love you tabi!!! <3 (:
Do you give it up easy? As in sex wise :|  Or do you play hard to get it?
depends on what they're cooking. my dad makes amazing lasagna  chili and veggie soup. but my ma makes awesome fried chicken and wedges and mashes taters and baked ham.oh my!!
I dont think we will ever know ALL of what is truly hidden underneath the glaciers and ice caps of the sea but i think there may be creatures beyond our belief. Like an iccey polar dragon :) haha jk
bahahaha i love you. and ugh i wish i was on my way to va with  fuck the weatherr.
Fuck that shit. She wasn't even right about the older men I was hitting on.
lol figured. So anyway  anna is still being a bitchsorry for the language She doesnt want to go on the trip. So now onto plan B
How many phone numbers do you have memorized that you don't need to look up?:
yes. slow danced with my boyfriend :)
just read the archive artile on your old site. love the jones comparison. how much hate mail did you get?
on what? thanks (:
#NAME?
oh yeah! Radios powered by pork fat!
Not yet  the woman was wanting to escape  but I'm taking care of the situation  pppfff. I hate these kind of things :S
HEY. ^_^
Awww man you just reminded me! I wtch it sometimes bhut i love Big Mike! Pplz are really wrong bout letting Katie go!! Argh  
I hate it when you get  blue  teeth. LOL
Damn.  Next thing you'll be telling me  Rumple of the Bailey isn't a documentary.
On a 1 to 10 how mad would you be at me if I were to rape you?
hate u
Maybe...why?
i heard traffic going to fart chips land!!! some crazy ass accident
What is your biggest accomplishment?
:( PS3's are fantastic devices. Kicks XBOX's ass :D
What kind of music do you listen to?
did he really???!!!! OH FUCK OK I TAKE BACK ON DAN MARINO IM SORRY!!!! OK I BLAME ROMO AGAIN! AND WHITTEN! i'm through with them!
I love Dick Clark  but why don't they leave him alone!!!
Who's small minded and snobby in texas and what made you so mad?
LOL- I know how much u hate traffic- just know it was 10 times worse last night :)
You'd be television slut.
lol. that could work... he'd only lose like $1600 a year given how often the damn comic comes out
Have you ever used a swear word the wrong way and made it sound completely stupid?
 yep  I'm a real ass. Everybody knows that.
dupa cum vezi  eu mai putin cu excelurile  mai mult cu povestile ;o]
 yep  I'm a real ass. Everybody knows that.
omg! that really sucks! anything serious?
ARGH!  I hate that too!
I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #business because he is a bad ass who says it likes he means it.
random yes. lol
kkkk
Nahhhh they're kinda neat to watch.
Man that would be awesome- I might make a fail whale sign for moments like that.
normally when i challange..it's more of a  Fuck you leave me alone  responce
You coming to work today  E? I know it's Gay Day and all. I wasn't sure if you were gay or just running late.
let it find you. it will :]
i hate her in every movie. she has one look. you know the look haha
well i havnt got any hate mail from mcr yet so i dont think they mind.
ah damn  ok
Do you do your own dishes?
Damn.  That is a beautiful car.
If you could have personally witnessed one event in history  what would you want to have seen?
lame
i fucking hate that word  hahaha.
lulz. fat chance!  good news is no bacn from friends adding you :D
I dont know but i did like pollyanna?
If you saw someone in public with toilet paper stuck to their shoe  would you tell them?
 Whale Done  How to Win Friends and Influence People  and anything from Tozer
shit i think the damn alternator don't work I just got a fresh bat yesterday.
I know  I really wanted to go to the show  but I gotta be responsible. I was in class w/all the idiots. I hate them all!
I hate on blogs?  what are you saying?
Nope  time is not of essence to me
rock out with ur cock out dude!!!
what others do you have?
fuck betty she killed me...
you know.. you're pretty cool :]
damn bro. Next time go partying like that  holla!
They don't really want it with either of us fat phonies. I'm just saying.
Wow  that sucks. Glad u made it home OK!
My problem is that bankers and investors have taken risks regardless of being told how bad things could fuck up.
but you know what i hate  the comments that are anonymous that i can't figure out who they are.
tell her I will wrestlher and loser gets to clean my office
that sucks balls!
I hate trying to hear over loud music lol
never. I hate that.
call me emo again and i'll cut myself
how crude people are. all people.
 love the Zune and the Zune Pass. Hate the software.
Aah! I actually hate you!
you should totally go. And be all weird and crazy and freak the guy out
You and frances gross me out  nastiest couple ive ever freakin seen. Your way out of her league like no joke.
damn...u know i 4got that...lol...how u?
-rape-
damn that's fucked up Hawthorne is out of the way
I HATE YOU!
yea I know right? I was like awww damn!
or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
you seem like a hater. or maybe you do it to piss people off. either way  fact is always good.
retard?
about damn time
Negative. I think we as humans all tend to sometimes but its all in unintentional purpose. So I try not too :)
 aw shucks you guys...are gay.
I jokingly remarked to my man that I was an  internet whore   he thought it meant that I was a porn star. LOL He doesn't get it.
oh please do. steph is already getting tired of me saying  deck the halls with something about my dick 
you're a bitch.
Toldja. Actually  the whole thing gets less emo at some point in the archives. And I feel like it's getting even better.
i hate you :P happy birthday dude  good to know your enjoying it
:(
Shoots. My Hawaiian ass is dead. Hiamoe for me. TTYL8R
when is Kick Ass #5 gonna hit shelves?
kum get it
burritoville is dead? What the fuck?!
Finally made it out.I hate being a procrastinator.
i didnt call in gay either. but my company donated 100 g's to support No on prop 8. ::shrug:: squaresies  i guess.
After three months of walking down the hall to the desk in the living room  I'm completely spoiled! LOL 108 miles a day is a bitch!
damn it.
dude you are such a fucken fagget ahahaha
thank you  she's such a big baby. lol But such an incredible dog. hate to think of life without her pain in the butt self
damn kenny u need emotional condoms and shit son.
used to be until i got a super jealous boyfriend that doesn't like me to text anyone..
I hate you so hard right now.
Do you like hot or cold showers?
might install now that you've acted as my guinea pig :D
LIKE BITCH WUSSUP! Ahahaha
Quit the gay ex and you wouldt sleep so much
the office 100%
You are walking down the street on your way to work. There is a dog drowning in the canal on the side of the street. Your boss has told you if you are late one more time you get fired. What do you do?
If one song were to describe your life  what song would it be?
Who owns one  I just fix 'em! Hate it when electricals go to Hades.
hey girl I still can't use this damn g1 lol
Hey  don't knock the Port+OJ until you've tried it.As cold remedies go  you're still sick but no longer give a damn. ;)
gitu emo jaman dulu ya :D
i am doing no such thing fuck you
you dont need a big fat spirit animal to be embarassed...
then ur game sucks. no crue  not buying it.
maybe if i was really that desperate.
Tommy blows cock! lol
women are fucking disgusting.
Miley's a HOOCHIE! BIEBER ALL THEE WAY GHURL!!or boy!<33
Dance the robot. :]
used to be a whole hell of a lot but now not so much.
basically we agreed that you/ are awesome/bad ass. Not gonna lie  i brought you up! ;)
I love My Big Fat Greek Wedding! It's so hilarious. Tonight is a great night for romantic comedies.
damn fwy is still all red! What's wrong with people?
ouch that sucks.. Sorry I wouldn't even know of one in Cleveland.  I will stick with guitars.
great :P that lady is a cunt  that serves me right for getting excited over something
I hate insomnia too. NyQuil works ok. Excedrin PM probably better.
iFUCKINLoveyou!!!<33 xox ha!
ummmm no offense  but 12 ounces....isnt that more than u weigh o'fuzzy guinea pig?  :)
my denny's boycott stands. fuck steve harvey.
Damn fam... if I was  a hater I'd be jealous... lol
comedy or horror movies?
Then why u cryn? Hate'n on me.
did you celebrate 4/20.?r lol
the fuck is that?
NIGGERS NIGGERS NIGGERS BALLS BALLS TITTIES DICK SUCKING FAGGOT SHIT NIGGER ASSFUCK TITTIES FUCK NIGGERS
don't hate on ghajini. It was an awesome movie.
no cuz soulja boy sucks he has no talent anyone can do what he does as long as they build the image thats all he has
That really sucks.
how did you meet dad BITCH!
got it from you :)
cheesecake. hmmmm yes cheesecake. raspberry swirl cheesecake ;)
THE NEW FUCKING GENERAL OF THE WORLD  THAT'S WHAT.
if u won 30 millon what would u do firstr
morning. How u 2day? Pls tell Gary we practising at 4pm 2day. I will cum early 2 pick up parcel at gatesville post office.
yes? Yes? Fucking YES?
...fucking coded shit. I dont watch old TV shows so I've only see the new Dr. Who  the stuff since the reboot. Loving David...
we r so fucking on for real. I might leave after Josh  but i can't wait! _
:|
I hate those backgrounds because you can't click on any of those listed links. I find it frustrating.
easy Short Stack<3
with family :)
all that I know of is the Revenge vinyl. u? and sorry for delayed answer  my internet sucks and trips out
why doesnt Tarzan have a beard?
how fucking sad is the OVA of Samurai X...i didn't want to watch that.. fuck i almost cried.. lol :P jk
Is life more meaningful if you live for someone [s.o.]  or living a life to die for a cause for the better of humanity? Explain.
high heels :]
MOD_ELLA IS A FUCKING CUNT
bleezard! hate our local news:  top story: snow... in other news: snow... and hey  snow!  they live for this shiz
I dunno  did you offer me any of that fuck-ton of beer in your fridge on Saturday? NO
If u got out of a relationship 3 months ago can you still say you just got out off a relationship?
not too much. we're okay! :) hahaha How are you? I missed talking to you actually.
The important 1 is Love  bhut ive given people themselves! Like i let my friends have themselves instead of me! It helps to see who they are as a person! Very important! Viseversa.
I remember trying one of those when my teen was a little one.  Those damn tents make u wanna commit murder!
I am slighty mad at perry.  he can lick me ass!!!! loll
yeah  I did that a few months ago. How's your show doing man?? looks kick ass!
its not rape if i enjoy it ;)  *phoebe.
the drive to Bear sucks tho. Very windy curves  not air and traffic can be a b*tch on busy days...
ass get out its ur last day damn it!
that  and  I'm not gay  aw I miss bonez.  I hope he's not in prison.
it is christmas eve im fucking excited
Have you read/watched A Walk to Remember?
why did you fuck it up. I could do it all day too. Let's do it when you have an hour. Ping me later to sched writing a book here.
violent ass...
depends on the restaurants policies
pussy!? :)
what is the most embarrassing thing you have every done?
ha! sucks for u!!
OK Cool  I'll figure it straight out in the morning..Thank Pat! BIG FAT HUG For You!{By the Way  I loved Your Portable Empire!!}
im sure. people find anyting to talk about for everyone.
Lmao  im watching the same thing ahaha. The gay guy is hilarious!  Dede having a good day and I dont want anyone to mess it up. 
yea my sister
What music video would you like to appear in or would have appeared in?
Can you cry under water?
Do you have any favorite YouTube star?
Happy Birthday Zarlom. You're my favorite cunt.
/emo damn you.
He's an asshole. I'd fucking bean him  for love of the game. Not starring Kevin Costner.
tv cuz i can always find my shows online :D
shut ur ass up! u woulda been wondering the same thing lol. done rehearsing 4da night  planning 2knock out...right about.....now
Fat Boys have a new song?!
that totally sucks... that's weird that he would miss something like that  it is a total rookie mistake
i used to have night shift   IBM..... but alas without fucking.....
i saw you had this thing so i made one too. loser i know ha
mhm ohkay slide yo numba nd iWill met yew lol
alejandro by lady gaga
suntem dar ne gandem cum sa gasim o mascota care sa o putem scoate din dulap cand vrem sa acuzam pe cineva pt nenorocul nostru
Starbucks guy It's ten o clock we are closing  My Mom You're kicking us out
dude that sucks. On NYE nonetheless. Got a sore throat myself  hoping it's not strep. :-(
 <-- follow thee link !! lol
DM. damn.
Do you wear flipu2013flops even when it's cold outside?
hate u
well mine are double flared  so they are a fucking homo bitch cunt to get out. aggrivation!
u been on here all of 2 days and bout to pass me in followers... Damn homey!? In high school u was the man homey!  
unfortunately i do =( it sucks!  i have my  2 last finals 2mrrw bc we had a snow day that other friday. i dont wanna go back!
how did you meet dad BITCH!
damn savitto you was doing the mostest you alright?
Would you rather have uncontrollable drooling or be a bedwetter?
except for joe jonas the ass munch who broke up w/our tyler via phone..kinda like doing via text  what kind of a-hole does that?
haha thanks.
Thinking about response/actions. Have decided its not going 2b ideal 4 anyone. Its sticky bc its family. Theres love/hate/dislike
Would you ever date someone covered in tattoos?
WP.com? Cuz that'll get you deleted. And Google's reviewing the way they rank blogs  for this very reason. They HATE it.
u know u care that betty is way better looking than u
FUCK YOU YOU SON
I never wear a watch. i dont like time.
sweet! playoffs should be soon shouldn't they? the season is damn near over!
damn straight you do
yeah it sucks i know  she was one spankin hot mofo
hahahaha thanks i think? did you call me beautiful? thats a first <3
if i told you would u let me
How many times have you had the hippups today? :D
awww what package? dang that sucks though! i hope its not makeup :(
at least its not those nasty ass water bugs u had as roomates in Atlanta..Ew! Lol!
omg  that sucks arse! I am so sorry =/
that sucks!
bitch you wanna go? Ill kick your ass
Yeh  but every nerd like to think he/she is devastatingly good-looking  as revenge on those who snubbed them. Trust me  I kno
Hey  at leat you got SOMETHING. Know what we get at work  as I found out 2day? NADDA! Bah hum bug! Damn scrooges!
 Yall the dick hit me in the eye all the way in NC. I think Im in love with a gay man!
i have 1000+questions in my inbox yesterday.but now only 100!!!i didnt answer any questions from yesterday.what happened to remaining questions?did this happen to you?  :'(
I'd love one of your yummy jew cupcakes...not riding these days  however  as fat can testifies  so no cupcake for me! :(
That sucks. My flight was delayed an hour. What terminal are you at?
Oh snap!! I would actually hug him first off ahah and say Nigga where my weed go? Hahaha jkjkjk i love him!! He is doin a great job!
 fuck yes to both of you.  3
HOW U LYK YO BRED TOASTED????
What a fab site! I didn't see the cozy *snort* but I want the mermaid gloves! Damn I wish I'd paid attention to my Nana... xxx ooo
Would it piss off Bill O'Reilly if I wished you a Merry Xmas and Happy Holidays?  I'm willing to give it a shot!
ummm.....ahhh hottt seniorrr(:
You're going to find a woman and tease her to make her have to cum silently at work?
Considering your love of infrastructure  *you* should speak to Nat'l Ass'n of Counties in March  not Chuck Todd 
bitch ass hot sounds pretty crappy.
What was the last thing you bought?
Have you ever dreamt about something more than once?
well would you believe that youve got me Love Stoned?
Okay. Will do :)
got it .. and I have read that! Gonna re-read tho..Im stuck and have been for a while..sucks! Thx for help--love ur stuff.
yes that is how you reply. Sorry Ava but I hate the Gecko. Lol.
twitter whore!
WHORE!
i hate you :P happy birthday dude  good to know your enjoying it
Heh  default slut mode? :)
Oh  Thanks for signing off on me  Queen Rude-Bitch D:
Damn  those USV guys are awesome. This idea is great.
a what?
so hows life in your neck of the woods?
makenzie.
Hmm thank you 
every now and then
Be prepared for Toro to be a comple ass...
Ooh  You mean Whooty's   Wht grls w/ bootys  LOL! my lil bro put me on to that corny ass saying.
Hahaha  Testosterone Man!!!  I met Mega Bitch Soccer Mom the other day. She took the time to stop  honk her horn   flip me off
I haven't been online all day  whore.  Trust me... one post from me is going to be more than you want at your house.
]=
Who's the most famous person you've met?
Do you have a distinct smell?:
yes. raccoon. and i freaked. it was coming onto the expressway. only thing ive ever hit and plan on hitting. haha
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
I like these ditties. Can we have them? I'll reverse out the type. I hate white t-shirts
Turns out not where but who you're with that really matters.' ;) --- MaryZ41:  yeah  we all hate bein
Thanks  Ulrike! :) We'll make sure to nerd it up!
We miss you back. My Haiku: Famous Dickenson  Exactly Why  I'm not sure. Her poetry sucks.
the punk ass pistons?
I hate going outside.
Oh yeah. That would be a good one. I still think they could kick ass doing  Got to Get You Into My Life. 
The Angel Of Death has descended upon you. Fortunately  the Angel Of Death is pretty cool and in a good mood  and it offers you a half-hour to do whatever you want before you bite it. Whatcha gonna do in that half-hour?
y'all are so fucking classy. miss you!
yep...that whole damn mixtape gets me hype lol
are you just acting like a dick now?
Dread leads to hate  hate leads to suffering and suffering leads to the RAGE!
hahahaha its nothing :) really. its okay.
You have an inbox folder for CYA  Covering Your Ass?
RT this then GO fuck yourself stay the FUCL out of lives and HOPEFULLY you'll die a Horrendous DEATH for all to WATCH
I do bird watch actually
Stop it! I keep thinking you're going to say he's here! Now I'm waiting vicariously through you! Dammit! I hate waiting for babies!
LOL NO KIDDING! I would be scared for my life if I were somebody tryna fuck with you! I have no older siblings  I'm jealous!
payment schedule...been there...sucks ass
which do you think is stronger: love or happiness?
That really sucks I'm sorry. I'd get shitfaced with you but I'm stuck up here on the plateau.
 W + YUh 2 T3 M  PU$$$Y UHP
he is a HUGE POSER! I want Toyboy back!
dat bitch left u lol
D:!  That's horrible  ;__; This sucks.
we gonna make bklyn see what's up! Hell fucking yeah!
You tell them to Fuck Off. They'll listen
heard there were 2do fairies tht come  do ur 2do list if u put a list by the freplce kinda like leaving cookies 4 the fat guy
you were right  the uv filter that came with that kit sucks. freakin glare spots all over my shots
What was the best job you've ever had?
LMAO!! I seen that  that dude was mad angry... then got his ass beat
Nope not that im aware of
dude ur wack ass better be playin at medium or above cuz u need to step up ur game if u wanna challenge a rock god such as myself
motherfucker stop drinking Red Bull ADDICT! watch ulcers eat at your stomach lining bitch!
nothing. toes are pink tho :]
Noooo  this is not caffeine. This is IT! Let's kick ass and then CELEBRATE! C'MON  girlie. We got it goin' ON!
What's the quickest you've fell for someone?
Yeah  that would piss me off something terrible too... But you could regift it to a young relative...
Thanks! :-)  I feel so much better as well  I hate when they are sick  and it makes it worse when I'm not here  poor guy.
:) who is this? haha
Damn homie...I've got a comfy ass couch at my spot  zimbabwe that puts NYC to shame...You should have hit me up...
Well that wasn't fair because I was eating while reading this question  so when I closed my eyes... I just thought about how awesome this sandwiche is tasting hahahaha yum. :)
What's the best invention EVER made?
******************MEOWWW*************************
wow   that sucks.
Lmao!! kk lemme get my ass off this toliet seat then ill check!! Mwahah!! jk
Well HOT DAMN. Look at you  catching up with the social networking. Next you're gonna tell me you have a Kaboodle!
#NAME?
O BITCH PLZZZ  ITSAH HAIRFLIP.
 your design was so un-metal that it was hella-metal.  kim singhs's was bad-ass with the blingee pot leafs and purple pegasus.
ohhh your making my life soo hard!!!!!! ummmmm still brownie   WAIT ANY FLAVOR OF ICE CREAM?????? change my mind. i was thinking plain vanilla but if its any flavor  RASEBERRY CHEESECAKE
damn why doesn't thwirl have spell checker?? But actually the ones the girls decorated are a bit on the mean side  hard to ice smiles
damn that is purely awesome!
hate you both!!
hate u
Damn they looked like crap last night!! I have to say that lots of bad words came out of my mouth last night! ugh Next year
~santi~ 
just to clarify-  not really to the cunt punting... but really to the you being welcome to come over anytime!
what an ass  who the hell says things like that. I'd report the fucker
omg! what are you in the mood for.. i crock pot my ass off!
You have an inbox folder for CYA  Covering Your Ass?
Some liberal gay atheists or Republican fund raisers should jump on that. ;)
ha! Go fuck a chickhen!
well just go to the local whore house!
best day ever?
What is your height in ft/in  centimeters or whatever standard of measure you like :]
Damn right.
I hate public restrooms. 'Specially this one: 
ok  i can't believe i just told the haters on Momlogic to kiss your million dollar ass.
LMAO! He's horrible. The Beatles changed the fucking WORLD! And are still an icon to this day. Who the fuck are you?!?!?
 marinates penis  That's gay dude.
supposedly its what they call gay dudes in the south. Bear meat is supposed to taste sweet.
Well get your ass busy!
Relax... I'm not trying to 'convince' you of anything. It's just that we all prefer files that have been subbed in *.ass  done well
whats the operating system on it? i have windows vista and vista sucks bad..it is full of bugs still. shuts down and freezing alot
Fuck yeah
haha someone told me katie (? was a bitch so I was like ehh. Death cab  JACKS MANNEQUIN FGHSDJ 3 hehe
That's...so gay it's painful.
damn you hater!  lol
 man..... fuck the lakers
shira or frances?
How often do you get sick?
im a nerd and i embrace it!
cooling it !!
I hate those backgrounds because you can't click on any of those listed links. I find it frustrating.
me too. So entertaining. Dude you watch this mvie called trailor parl of terror. Fucking brilliant.
chicken <3333
wErd... you pick out 2) kick ass hip hop songs and we'll doit yo~
timothy.
If you really like Of Human Bondage  you'll love anything by Shakespeare. Sorry... I'm a Literature nerd and English major...
How bad ass is that?! lol
yous a bitch nd hoe 
Dick Clark looked sloshed last night? I was thinking animatronic.
I'm a shoe slut; Gee's a jacket slut; we're just all a bunch of sluts xD
when they mean fake  they mean your attitude is fake and your personality  not if shes dead or alive..um just saying ppl.
Ha i fucking love it!!! ask for a feature and it's live in 5 minutes. LOL that is no longer my world
damn.
when there is none left :P
Ok..ok I c u! Take it back on they ass why don't ya.. That sounds super CUTE!
I got it for Wii  when I get back from my dad's we're gonna play and it will be so kick-ass.
greed.
do you still believe to the race concept? like asian black and white are different type of races? or you prefer to use the term ethnic group?
you know what  fuck it I'm doing  Jew-Boy money 
yes  i cant fucking wait!  I can hardly bring myself to review  i must but dont want to.
 Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
his haircut look like them fast ass Black Beetles on Super Mario Bros.
Glad you had a great time. Can't wait to see all the pics on FB  Flickr  etc. Hate to have been out of town and missed it
Would you ever lick a hobo's foot?
no
damn your fat  you even got a turkey as your profile pic for good measure....
I like your  about  section on your blog  I feel like my nerd and sweetheart side clash and complement each other too!
Agreed!  Twitter showed the way with the whale ;)
you asian!!! I hate asians!!! Bahahahahhaha!!! Jk! I am well on my way to getting fucked up!!! See you next year!!! Hahahahaha!!
The great state of Minnesota...I am VERY jealous. Although I am not one to  complain  haha  I HATE COLD!!!!
totally agree dude. Pushed carts at Safeway for 2yrs in hs  people are fucking retarded
ashlee....i've had the biggest crush on you for awhile!  i don't go on here a lot.  but please message me on www.findersingle.com under the username wishfulthinker.  please don't get all weird.  =)
 It takes a real scumbag to steal from a community. Whoever stole the foosball table can bet I will fuck you up.
im a lover not a fighter.
ha ha loser :)
how many times do u take a bath in a day?
i fucking love ELF! ''Santa! I know him''
the trick is to not slut it up. it is to dress just under slut levels. so you get the attention but not questions on how much
What would you do if you had a child that was a killer?
fuck yo couch! In yo face!
Excited that yr friends get to see yr show. I hate them. ;) No  rly  I do. .....Sad that tonite is last show.  Hard to say goodbye?
Well..currently its 6:54 am. My love just left for work and im on formspring answering my 38 questions. Thank you. haha Sup with you? :]
YOU haven't  but a lot of #blcks did.  That's the case with me. Story of my life and I don't give a damn.
Dropped it in the sink when I was doing dishes. never talk on your phone and do dishes. Your doomed as soon as you start it..
no. i must have missed that one. damn. ;-)
I don't think gay rights groups could force churches into gay marriage  just as churches can't force gays to become straight #tcot
Pretty sure it's CO2 and H2O produces sugar  but damn that was a long time ago
evilbeet    WAKE UP!!!! HAHAA jus saw ur mesg on my phone. arent u happy that a complete retard like me is on ur side? haha
oooo thats not fun! i hate those things  the orthodontics people are mean to me!
FUCK NO I AINT PARTYN LIK DAT JAYLA U STUPID
Fuck dude  you manage to do this every week!
Okay  now we've established that  would you go gay for $7?
laughing your ASS off? I'm not going there. I mean I'm not touching that one. I mean SOMEONE SEND ME TO BED ALREADY.
kk
I ran a 300 customer hosting company for years on Apache.  I know how to set it up.  It still sucks ass.
Man!  I hate when that happens!  My kids' toys are  Adult Proof 
yes.
HOLY SHIT. Fuck that band.
jia..that is dead ass wrong
fuck yo couch
youd fight for lindsey? im a gurl. id love to see it
girlsCan you belly dance?r guyscan you break dance?
yes sure am :)
Bitch!  You weren't following me!
chicken salad :]
the matrix still Kicks ASS!!!!!
if you hate sprint. try jogging. and stop once and while for eggnog.
oh...and I wasn't just calling you a poser either :) 
NAME ONE FEMALE YOU REALLY ENJOY TALKING TO AND BE HONEST
Israelis to Spanish FM ... Kiss my ass.
LOL... what I like to do is get in front of them then suddenly! step on the breaks... irresponsible drivers... piss me off
crutches suck big time. i hate them lol. hope you get better soon! :P
Wait  you hate hfcs but you drink diet coke?  Head asplode.
#NAME?
imagine a building. not any building...a fucking 300 acre building full of weed....not any weed...but Caucasian Monkey-fuck Weed!
pu01ddu05dfu05dfu0131u029es u028eu0287u0287u01ddu0279d u01ddu0279u0250 nou028e uu01ddu0265u0287 su0131u0265u0287 pu0250u01ddu0279 uu0250u0254 nou028e u025fu0131
Wow u in love wit her? U gay 4 her?
i bitch slapped my cousin once.
pimping your blog again  but damn funny.  specially including Connex
i hate that i know some french...and the french you used  was the french i know
yep. I didn't think to go online and check calorie/fat count until AFTER dinner. Bummer.
I hate that too!!
i can see the revolting illegal avatar now :) tempted to make my pussy misbehave in sympathy
do not bitch about the temperatures while I'm up in the freezing tundra of the north or I'll slap yer pregnant ass  love.
I'm on my way just to get gas and saw a 314. Damn it.
Mermaid.
oooollllldddd
enjoyed reading your article  shame I have such a bitch for a boss ;-)
ARGH!  I hate that too!
SUPERMAN!!!((:
Why do you think people cuss or curse?
I'll send you the links. When I get on my laptop I'm using my phone. She has a facebook  myspace  and my yearbook
got it .. and I have read that! Gonna re-read tho..Im stuck and have been for a while..sucks! Thx for help--love ur stuff.
ahh damn if u r in dublin look out the sunset is gorgeous
 'Cause I hate that you breathe  I see you duck  you little punk  you little fucking disease.  -- all of my favorite words...
/emo damn you.
oh man that sucks!! LOL
damn  shorten isnt work  here is the link 
 It's the damn humidity! It's so hot and gross and humid!
i DO know her! Damn...r u worldwide or what? :-D MsLika
Whoa! What an idea SirJee ... But thanks. I hate kids :-P
Do you like candy necklaces?
i hate u
dawns a Fucking twat and  that is the best song on the album
its accounts..... and i hate it... i cant make out head or tail of this sub!
I meant ready 2 fuck:) lol Hope u have something wild and freaky in mind. I'm bored :)
oh yeah! Radios powered by pork fat!
You should ignore all those comments people send to you. Everyone knows you don't fake yourself  and they just want to be like you. You're very pretty  and I know I'm jealous of my cousin :]
i hate school =(
Okaydokay.
1995 haha when i was bornwas my year! Doh!I didnt have 2 do ANYTHING on my own haha
eeeeew  I wanna cum ;)
spam ya ma'am
that damn cheddar...the hell?!!
i call it  hey-dumb-fuck-guys-stop-trying-so-hard  advice
I hate public restrooms. 'Specially this one: 
Now THAT's an adventure that I will pass on. Oh damn  I do have to take a present back. NO!!
That's a damn shame  because they don't do veggie burgers. :)
cunt!!!! i love you!!!!
You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
You know all about some interpretive gay dancing.
R YUU STiLL WiT YO BF? (:
Hate to date me; but my kids had the Big Wheel and I can still see them going down our hill on it. Sit n Spin came later. Wow!
Thanks ur an angel. my header is horrible  I hate it but need time to make something prettier. Also gotta set up analytics
In WOMANIZER? I know I just saw it for the first time. She is fucking hot again. Goodness.  I'm a Slave for you   Hottest
damn ... that sounds real appealing now. Maybe geothermal coupled with wind and solar ... tho maybe heat coils take too much power
when im telling someone how i feel is so damn tough.
lol ya nigka
I hate insomnia too. NyQuil works ok. Excedrin PM probably better.
well now I have to edit myself and you know how I hate that!
I know not to fuck with your rare beer game
Oh Shit!  I am a yoga loser. But not any other kind of loser.  I have already showed up once with no class  alas.
That they do. Fucking sea cows. Where do they come off?
#NAME?
If you could be a bird  what would you choose to be?
Grammar nerd.
Hello  My name is Javeed. You seem really cool and I wanted to know if you wanted to have a coffee with me sometime so just reply at 1-800- Javeed :D  LOLOL Just kidding :D This is MsUnderstoodxxx again! And I love Jello strawberry to :DDD It roxx!!!
congrats on the Entrepreneur.com plug for Your Pitch Sucks  
Have you ever collected stickers that are on fruits?
absolutely. i think speedy WANTS us to do homework...massive tons of homework.dang it! i hate this semester's finals!!
It is easy and lasting me a long time now before I go in to have them retwisted. And I hate maintenance myself. :-)
How old are you before it can be said you died of old age?
What reality show do you wish you could be part of?
you should totally go. And be all weird and crazy and freak the guy out
haha so many people are hating on your formspring.
damn.
i couldnt agree more. HATE sandra lee!
Hey! Remember me? Lizzy from the David Cook forums. How've you been? I'm guessing pretty damn awesome right now... =P
yes lol
hey  who came up with your name design?? that is cool ass design...
What do you think about people who dip? Like chewing tabbacco
eek that sucks... the floor under is going bad?
funny you said you don't have many friends.. I think you'd make a good friend ;]
truth on both counts that guy is an ass  and their product is sub par. I tell people try Dalesandros orJim's
!f   wut yuH qon3 duuuu f  mii
rock out with ur cock out dude!!!
It's totally fine  don't worry about it :))
YES. the thing is big enough for my ass plus another half. its like my parents couch.
.... only got to find out how gay some people are! hahahaha!
great post on the gay rights thing do u think it will happen years end?
Don't worry  it's free!  And  says it's got easy achievements  if you're a gamerscore whore like me. ;)
idk sometimes.
What happens to an irrisitable force when it hits an immovable object?
22 again...
 Big Ass  was this past weekend and went well  #2 Last Minute Maul is this weekend.
and there were only 5 of us.. it was a night that i've already forgotten... damn the alcohol
ugh  I KNOW -- there isn't one!! And I hate when I go into a post  and click it -- it just opens the jpg! YUCK!
shut up please  it is too damn early for ur singing
What do you think would cause mass hysteria?
I want to make sure that nobody ever calls me  fat  again and that when I look in the mirror my outside reflects my inside.
you are GAY!!!!!
I HATE that. I have a rhomboid  almost triangular 'washcloth' from learning bark sedge stitch. I use it to scrub the bathroom.
ha not that creepy. because it's week 10 and I'm fucking stressed out as hell. I wish I could take a trip down there x.x
sure
hmm if i know you well enough its like 8 but if not then like a 4-5 ish haha
yes
cool  i got it up and working. It's taking a damn long time tho; I'm pausing til a later date. Many thanx for the 411!
its not a big deal
Ugh. Half the time people pick up  Free stuff  from Craigslist they're driving a luxury car. Heh. HATE them.
OMG  you fucking got them didnt you?!?!?! I'm so jealous!!!!
Dont delete your account!
I have no idea why I live here. It sucks in the winter.
Thanks! I'm not familiar w/ the  nerd heard  language. You should add #NH  so I can say #WUW #NH  
damn man kobaa e ??? :O
shits gay!
at least its not those nasty ass water bugs u had as roomates in Atlanta..Ew! Lol!
Yeah  I was teasing Dad  he got a new snow blower  and I said as much as I hate rain  I don't have to shovel it  get home and SNOW!!
Fuck that shit. I told people...  DON'T MAKE THAT ACCOUNT!  and someone had to do it. Fuck that shit.
God Damn !! Ok ... How about Peter Duncan then 
Compared to Eeyore and that stupid bear and that demented pig? I think hes fine.
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
my weak camera I hate it. I want one of the High-Tech cams. Like the one meldcole uses. His pictures always come out on point
losing winter insulation is one of the horrific side effects of Biggest Loser that nobody warns you about. It's brutal!
how can we make a big difference in this world?
lol figured. So anyway  anna is still being a bitchsorry for the language She doesnt want to go on the trip. So now onto plan B
kkk
lol Jose I fucking love you lol.
hate MobileMe...but I host my website on there...
Hopefully  I'll be able to get the damn things on- he's ferocious when cornered  hungry  or just feeling rascally...
what a fucking bitch.
can you come to my party tonightt ??
Especially the gay cowboys. Ha ha.
gitu emo jaman dulu ya :D
 midget w/a hookhand hangin off your collar  IM FUCKING DEAD. BURY ME. D-E-A-D DEAD.
Billy is really kicking ass... Dark vs New mini-poster will be in comic shops in 2 weeks BTW.
i hate PC's too!! Argh :-)
Thai sucks too many peanuts
yeah its snowing and that shits not cool...its ice cold lulz...but seriously fuck the snow
I hate you... but also loves you for giving me something to dream about tonight. ;-)
I want beach now. Damn.
You. Your ass in TF2 now.
Ouch.  That sucks!!
Wow-this is fantastic!  How did I miss it until now? my resolution for '09.. loose my baby fat not from childhood. #GNO
HAHA  that did brighten my day considerably.  How about on the one day of Christmas my broke ass got my gf gift cert to Chili's
do you think girls look better with makeup on or none?
I am the master at skippping rocks!
your gorgeous  im not talking about just your looks  because everyone knows your beautiful  but im talking about  your personality. your soo nice and careing to everyone  your genuinly kind. i dont think you could ever do anything ugly
not really; i think i named all of them  which kind of sucks.
The ole Cell Phone Yeller in the Elevator. That sucks.
B muhh qirl babe   cuhh I kan qive you thaa world <3
Predictability Sucks!   WHUUP! not being predictable  Kev
Finally made it out.I hate being a procrastinator.
I know  I really wanted to go to the show  but I gotta be responsible. I was in class w/all the idiots. I hate them all!
lol ya nigka
you got that right! People stealing others' generators   other stuff inside the homes when they know no one's home..sucks big time
which year was your favoroute school year... i know its not this year cause you had taylor in your class!but it still could be this year...
I got fuck all for Christmas babe. How about you?
Then Clive is a total pussy and after reading his Dominion shit I do not believe that. Oh Clive so many missteps.
yep  i was thinking of you when on GeekCast and talking about how much i hate inspirational tweets :)
I hate insomnia too. NyQuil works ok. Excedrin PM probably better.
Sometimes if im looking forward to gettin the call from that particular person.
god a free cure show! damn!  I didn't know about this  I live close! ugh lucky lucky how was it??
it's emo because you used a razor. An explained joke isn't funny. :(
ew you're gross. ugly. BITCH
no. i must have missed that one. damn. ;-)
haha... so you want to be a twitter slut... alright  fine... i'll be waiting for the moment you mature from a tease to a slut!
Yeah  me too.  If this damn twitter wasn't around  I'd be much more productive.
I hate that about our people!
what a coincidence! I'm wearing my fat jeans today and it felt like they were my skinny jeans!
some peoples drama just sucks!
i'm glad someone is teaching that 3-year-old how to  slap dat ass  :)
hate to rub it in but it says 70 on the thermometer here. May have to do my beach walk early today to aviod sprinkles.
no  im tabitha jai locascio. myspace.com/tabiisaninja face book-  I HAVE NO CLUE WHO THIS CHEYENNE IS  so please send a link so i can see for myself  because i guess she might be using my pictures.
Longest relationship?
coool photo;
Damn  i'm back at home... that not good... That was the last step before the return to the normal life... :|
What do you question the most in life?
I would be saying the same damn thing about you. LMAO idc if I know you I'd be like see that ridiculous bitch? RI-DIC-U-LOUS
hahah why?
ummm idk i do and i dont haha
yeah... it sucks...
Not to my recollection. but funny you ask  because my brother just did that and busted our neighbors chair at my sisters grad party this past sunday. it was hilarious!!
nahh I'm a normal bitch :p  i love you too ehh I give upp!
definitely true! :D i've been learnin it for 5 years cuz i've frensh origins haha ;)
are you reliable?
why would u say fat people are dumb?
Do you wear mental chains?
ewww i hate that stuff :P
You're a bushwhacking  alchy piece of shit scrub.
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
Who is your loudest friend?
fuck yeah
YOU TELL THAT BITCH SNOWSTORM NOTHING AIN'T GONNA GET YOU DOWN!
Love Youu 2222!!!!
I find the exact opposite to be true.  I can review a book I hate in fifteen minutes.  Good books take hours.
i try to
sorry  you have no cred. Two words: pig ears
funny background statement =>
Congrats!  You'll have to make us a low-fat treat from it :) #fitfam
Spam me??
I freakin hate that! For me it's  Hi Rose  Rose is my last name you idiot! LOL
no she didnt yet. maybe she does hate us now. *sad day*
this pastor is a homophobic racist person who compares gay people to pedophiles. THIS IS NOT THE 1900S
fuck!!! imstars. aufeminin. com/ stars/fan/ my-chemical- romance/ my-chemical- romance- 20080121-366383. jpg *take out spaces
I would have done it by now tbh. I have no words except just WHAT THE SHITTING FUCK ARE THEY THINKING!
Do you de-label your beer bottles?
Fuck you and your snow! Or  bring some of it down here? ;)
what's your favorite tv show?
Yes. Standing over the border line. Ive been in Ohio and indiana at the same time :)
Skittle :]
I originally made them in the grill  but it's a new grill and I hate it  so when I discovered they were cold  I microwaved them.
your still gay and a bitch haha
Who would you most like to be stuck in an elevator with? Least like?
Have you ever spent an entire day in bed without being sick?
AND DAMN I JUST LOST /AGAIN/.
Y'know   doesn't hate me  so I don't think she hates the east coast...just certain east coasters. AHEM. ;)
yea school sucks sometimes. thanks bro figured id mess around on here to waste some more time from studyin ha
thats the only set back  and its a bitch to send ish back
Haha! I'm glad someone else will admit to seeing multiple times clearly Gummo! I let someone borrow mine... lost. Damn.
hahahahah ummmmmmm thank you? if this is eric  i will kill myself  who is this?????????????????r but hahahhahahahhahahah this made me laugh sooooo hard.
 Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
oh bugger at car screaming.. that sucks.... glad to hear the rest was all good
I still think you should be prouder of the  Fuck fuck fuck!  but  Rock!  is pretty good. When will you be teaching her  FUCK YEAH 
Street Fighter HD better be on the store today or I'm going to freak out
Haha! Staring at my doctor thru sunglasses while he was in my mouth! HAHAHA!!!
I always forget about Yelp  but it's pretty damn useful. Thanks for the tip!
waldo. and helga. nahh jk  guys-lucas casey mclaine gabe jack dakota s. jake nathan girls- maddie cassie nicky
maybe someone's being a dick and hogging up the connection..I dunno *shrug*
Ugh  the bane of my existence.  Hate them.
If it wasn't for AT&T's spotty network  I'd switch in a heartbeat. That's where Verizon kicks some serious ass.
hmm money.
summer workout tape? How you gonna workout to Kanyes depressing ass album  ok  maybe 2 songs
so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
Yes  I mean. No.  You don't hate me :D
Jarrod is god.
dnt worry iWill
I never watch those show or even read the lists because they invariably piss me off.
I dont know but i did like pollyanna?
Yea its got a heatsink bigger than a server lol. Its a great machine. I am loving it except for the leg is bent. DAMN COURIERS GRR
damn that is shady. Why would they put out a false report?
brah u noe britteny french bi-sexual she said she not do u believe her?
who'd you piss off? oh...wait...that's a ridiculous question.
Kick ass Take A Pic And Let Us See Homie
in between. i have a boyfriend that likes to contribute to my cleaniness with his messiness.
yes yes  so gay.
heard there were 2do fairies tht come  do ur 2do list if u put a list by the freplce kinda like leaving cookies 4 the fat guy
If a bald person works as a chef at a restaurant  do they have to wear a hairnet?
haha  exactly!  And I love YOUR new picture! I was wondering when you were going to use this cute ass picture! I love it!
Lol. Ur a bitch. I've done Hondurans and Chileans  and I don't need some closet gay Peruvian dressing better than I do!
I know he is prolly tryna fall back  but I just wanna make sure ain't nothin happen to his ass lol. cuz usually he text  or sumthin
Drake.  He knows his mother was a bitch.
there r things I'm happy about  just not in the Xmas spirit. But thanks 4 the pity and smart ass comments.
hello:)
They say I have the best ass this side of fourteenth street.
work on this glorous sat. with this crazy ass shoppers
You'd be television slut.
 kicks some serious ass.
what the fuck do you have to apologize for??
lenee  that bo*o ass incense you gave me smells like an episcopalian funeral. lol! choked out saturday night  etc.
no  i mean LIKE LIKE
If I could __________ then I would.
you order pizza that much they have you on speed dial. damn.
At the C's before I hit the hay. Still hate Boston?
DAMN!  Oh well  I'll meet you at the next one. I think so far it's basically going to be me and a couple of others :-)
the iced media party. Long ass day at the office  time for a drink or 3
shut your ass up I did....they got me though
WPMU can go fuck itself
damn straight
The dam   Is this like the pig under your tree? Have you cracked open the chard already?
cuz they can be deep sleepers haha
yes. emery. emarosa. all the day holiday
yo why u always tweetin' about boy problems ?? Fuck nikkas  get money  stay focused son!!! I know you a Hustla  Hard worker!!
WPMU can go fuck itself
got delayed.  your ass kicking will have to wait.
No fucking way!!  _  They aren't even an a'capella group!!
Hot or Cold?
That album is the fucking shit.
Haha(; Thts how I do !:p
i like them. its sick though to think someone thought of all that stuff lol
your cute ;) dump jaybee and come talk to me
dont bother with low fat brownies
The 4 major food groups are sugar  salt  alcohol  and fat. At least the American diet is.
Ech! LOL....if it was me  I would wash the sweats at least twice...then again I hate bugs!
thats what i am saying...they need to pay me.thats m*ttaf*cking free promotion. ungrateful ass people.
how are you drunk bro? DAMN I.. it's only 2PM
I think there are always reasons. of course ;]
ily!
np you are happy with the service? do you have anything to compare to? I hate 3 not working out of cities. and whirlpool likes exe
I don't hate you. My last partner was 130 lbs and I got him up to 165 lbs of solid muscle. I hated him 4 looking better than me
VTU  SUCKS 
because i'm a dumb ass.
I always wonder why those damn rapist that rape lito girls dont just fucken a pay damn prostitute  fuck them? Fuck it kills me to see lito girls dying like that :|
Fucking tell me about it... So much for protecting the investors eh?
shit that sucks. sorry to hear it!
Have you ever peed in the woods?
she doesnt want to scar you for life like i could.  cant talk her into sending you the video of they guy with the jar in his ass.
if i get scared ill be sure to throw u in the way so u shiver in terror and piss ur pants like u already did
careful  soy joy will give you bitch tits!
why is his best friend such a bitch? the hell is his problem?
AND DAMN I JUST LOST /AGAIN/.
aw that sucks!
Yeah  and T-Mobile Germany offers unlimited Worldwide calling to other T-Mobile phones. USA only offers Nationwide. Sucks.
So who is it that you like?
Who's the most talented person you know?
well if u looking for more sex  watch the fat boy freaking his pillow thats now playing. Ewwwwwww!!!!
hate  can'r do  atitude. can do works almosr all the time.
Damn straight I am!  I want to be 50ft!  I also want to play Barbarella.  I'd be much better than Rose McGowan.
i hate the ice! stupid pipe busted at my concord place. tenants woke me up at 2am with LOTSSSS of water. FUN!
You are a beautiful girl and i dont think that you shoul do all the things that you do cause you are fucking up your life! Sorry to say but you should to better with your life then just throw it away.....
i got a ipod  ipod dock  clothes and other crap lol =]
mhm ohkay slide yo numba nd iWill met yew lol
nope
Not fist fight. But a serious fight  yes. haven't we all? ha
whoever created chocolate pecan pie  thank. thank you for my big fat ass.
hahah  ass :P hehe
i got the 8330 bigger keyboard I got fat thumbs
and somehow I still wish I was there  pig parts and all. Amazing.
didnt have one
lol whore bath...funny.
lets fucking go tonight... you know you want to! Or at least hang out. I fucking hate being alone sometimes too.
Define a great life?
I HATE that!
Its a damn dirty rumour  much like the one with philip seymour hoffman as the penguin. that one  though  i wouldnt mind.
i hate hate hate being snowed in! how's that for a sum up?
None! haha
damn! i knew if i had said nobu that auto-tune would already be hummin
could be that I'm not typing hard enough? happened a lot more when I first got this laptop about 3 weeks ago. Sucks ass
This is a better Hodgman excerpt:  it is hard not to conclude that Barack Obama is somewhat tone deaf when it comes to gay issues 
Do you believe that God has a gender?
God Ashley is a bitch  but still  congrats! :)
yes they are.
there you go denying stuff again. until Maury clears you on TV w/ an  i aint yo daddy test   your ass is suspect.
aliea you better stay away from jesse james joplin the third!!!!!!!!  i don't give a fuck  bitch
fail whale?
unpredictable.
you can have my dick. Its delicious
this kitchen is qa bitch thus far  and night
its much easier when you realize the japs arent really people and that the enola gay should have done another flyaround.
:?
Thank god you said that-my friends think I'm a freak. Also weird-I have to wear high heels when I play drums or my foot cramps up
Haha I know huh(: lol jealous bitches
3 things that your mom doesn't know about you
when can i see u again?
What's your favourite comedy on the tv?
Pink Roses!(:
OH my I hate beer...I have some Francis Ford Coppola Pinot Griego making me an offer I can't refuse
Shira? :)
Have you ever had detention?
:)  I just meant myspace in general  sucks. Slow as hell  and only thing going for it is/was music  but last.fm and blip.fm
Graphic novel class? I hate you but I love you but still I hate you and oh yesh  Hows ya boy JImmy?
Oh No!!! That sucks but it totally sounds like something I would do :0
HOT DAMN! Congratulations!
pimping your blog again  but damn funny.  specially including Connex
Agreed. Fuck Twitter Grader and all it's kin.
lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
damn straight you do
Sonic CD and the Lunar games... might also try to go for Third World War and Popful Mail if I absolutely lose my fucking mind.
lol ima go deep
thx for the well wishes lisa! i hate taking meds  so i'm all for fast healing:)
Connection interrupted. God damn.
hmmm...I had a feeling bout u! but Damn No Label?? wow
how can you love your enemy?
damn work fire wall. can't go to myspace. :(
Honey  we all hate long division.  Look for things to hate that make your personal hate list special and distinctive.
that damn cheddar...the hell?!!
damn kenny u need emotional condoms and shit son.
yes.. flickr upload photo its sucks on eventbox.. huhuhu *tooos* gw juga gak make digg sama pownce
I like these ditties. Can we have them? I'll reverse out the type. I hate white t-shirts
k im hella boredddddddd hurry the fuck up i saw my bro playing it  game looks sick
Do you remember your dreams?
Street Fighter HD better be on the store today or I'm going to freak out
ouch that sucks..
I recommend Pase Rock and Fat Jon new album out!. Okay okay so what if you already knew all this!
What are your parents like?
Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #green because... Why the fuck not?
i am  just so behind now   it sucks.
I haven't been online all day  whore.  Trust me... one post from me is going to be more than you want at your house.
NOT AT ALL
fuck no im not jealous of the ugly ass freak.
damn kanjiong.. lol but its kinda expected la.. when the eclipse go away
re: why friendfeed sucks  no doubt a powerful utility but with a high learning curve and non-intuitive user experience
The winner eats the blintz  and the losers) watch the winner eat the blintz. Marquess of Queensbury rules apply. En garde!
holy fuck. i would just make pasta or something if i were you  that is ridiculous.
Would you rather be really hot or really cold?
fuck Dreamhost. that is all.
yep. I didn't think to go online and check calorie/fat count until AFTER dinner. Bummer.
I have no idea. Haven't seen the commerical.
i can't stop watching carrie underwood clips!!! im listening to cowboy casanova rite now!!!! :) i am soooo excited!!!! OMG
well i had to put my two cents in [: haha
LOL. It's true your frozen tundra trumps my lame half-ass kinda-freezing once-in-a-while sucky weather. You  Ice Princess!
um um um um um um um bank it and then go shopping with a keycard thingo coz then if i got robbed it wouldnt matter as much hahahahahaha
hmm didnt even know they existed...no wonder i feel like a complete retard when i cut stuff with a scissor
Ya know  you can take full credit for memeing  's cock-measuring fetish. I won't argue.
was it the Nigella coca cola ham? that pig rocks!
Wow  that sucks  work at home day?    I couldn't agree more  good day to be under the covers  relaxing.
im a HUGE perv 
Wow awesome question....I think my best achievement would be Finding who i am thats thee most important!!<33
Appo is gonna copy that damn thingy to a DVD and gonna drop it tonight. I'll call ya once it's here. come by
Eeeek! I'm scared of the dark. I don't really believe in ghosts  but that would still freak me out.
damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaffhouse then
Rooster is my bitch!
Is using a inhaler a sign of weakness?
yes.
Aw  I know  I was just being emo haha.  It's been a LONG week on a lot of levels.  ha.  Let's do something fun tonight!
Should I ask more serious questions?
Anything your parents should know about?:
hahahahahaahahahahahahhhahaha r why does everyone think that?
 Text me bitch!!! :)
r u in love with someone anonymously?
no cuz soulja boy sucks he has no talent anyone can do what he does as long as they build the image thats all he has
Lucky? I'm gonna be working my ass off!
That happens here in MD too. People totally freak!
YOU RE A GAY!? .... =) I 3 you
I've been called a pig  if that helps. Recently  even
:O lol no freaking way! btw  i didnt ask that :D
HOW DID YOU MET YOUTUBE BITCH?
not to sound amazingly  astoundingly gay not that that's bad but you sound like a man in desperate need of a few pillow shams
Friend of mine from Vegas. No  he's not on here and probably won't ever be. He's a pretty damn good player....
What is your goal this year?
believe me  not only fat kids like cake :)
Agreed. Fuck Twitter Grader and all it's kin.
lmfao! See this why I can't fuck w u! U kno I'm dead offa that Al B Shep!....
iLyke dat..Let mi meet yew
So you are right... reciprocity is a bitch Just not in the way that Lauren Hill meant it
Umm Bunch of people just joined  and i got bored  so i wanted too!
Take Ur ass home
yeah. i had to beg the stupid teacher. it was so gay.
You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
and I'm really sorry about your friend. you're right  MS sucks in a major way.
Are you still shy to talk about sex??
things that you cant leave/live without?
what do you use then? cuz I hate Itunes
Time's running out for them.  The Cboys will pull it off.  Looks damn cold.
I fucking hope you move you bitch!!!!
Shira? :)
Who's the funniest person you know?
ah damn man! Good Luck!! You can do eeeeit!!!
Rooster is LARRY'S bitch!
Strawberry-Banana Smoothies from Jack in the Box ;D Yah dig?
nahh
a semicolon sounds like some sort of gay sex act gone wrong
damn! i knew if i had said nobu that auto-tune would already be hummin
ima miss you too  but... im sorry i am haha
What's your favourite part to watch in Rent?
A gay couple getting married in NYC isn't going to change anyone's idea about marriage. Divorce has redefined marriage.
Semi around  cant promise you much action but if you post I'll reply best as I can. Sorry babe I know tonight sucks for ya
epic fail meaning it sucks? Hopefully
Wait if I shut down my phone company who's going  to sponsor you in the emo olympics?
That sounds like a plan. :) Kick ass  indeed. And any beat that stands the test of time is a banger  for true.
both. but usuallly make them
oh hot damn!
I'll be a crab ass with you. BAH HUMBUG!
Ugh. Half the time people pick up  Free stuff  from Craigslist they're driving a luxury car. Heh. HATE them.
damn kenny u need emotional condoms and shit son.
Ouch.  That sucks!!
AT&T hates you. Don't feel bad though  they hate everybody.
Nahhh not worth the blahhh bullcrap.
lol    the bitch  damn.
fuck betty she killed me...
damn cool. u can activate da camera of ur fon n u can move ur fon freely 2 look around da game when u r walking or sneaking
hmmm...my first
over think on whats not needed and i seem to underthink on what needs the most thinking.
what a loser. :P
i hope singing along- i'd hate to think i'm torturing poor little Pixel!
Freak.
Lobsters and ligatures? Are you a Portland-area type nerd  then?
I just got done busting my ass for the day. I need Booze!
yo fuck that dude 4 realz!!! it was allz cuz u  me    animal    marc delicious  were so stupid-ass-rodimus prime fantabibulous!
fat guys are immoral  there should be a proposition to keep them from marrying  VOTE YES
LOl since you really must knoo; N....O.(:
actually i thought 'Damn she's hot!' when it came out! lol
I feel like such a nerd watching this! I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
Praying for your grandmother and your momma. I hate that they are facing so much.
Well good god damn.
Uh... yeah.  Joe and I have been wondering what all the fuss was about.  Put your ass in it  make sure it's tight.. done.
don't have time to review the whole thing right now  but here  fucking  here.  I'll take contributions to the bottom line tks
emang lagu2nya emo? bukannya mellow? :D
i hate u
hahhahah yeah you!
Fastest growing daily my ass.. It's like me telling my sister she's the prettiest girl in the world. Pretty standard Biz 24/7..
that's great. def down on carbs + fat. counting cals in and out is working perfectly. the big difference is my mindset. thanks!
idiot's a good one and so is asshat  dumb shit  and dick wad.
My pussy is still sadly missing.  *blinks*  Do you think this will affect my popularity.  *evil grin*
LOL well it's funny as hell they got two fat asses trying to fit threw some small holes.
like twice a month
this isn't hate  this is survival for the eagles. stompin the giants alone won't get us in the playoffs. the cowgurls gotta lose
I hate being on the outside of inside jokes. =P
There are two types of people in the world: those using  lol  ironically  and those that are fucking twats who deserve to die.
because i'm a dumb ass.
damn damn damn James....
idiot's a good one and so is asshat  dumb shit  and dick wad.
These fuckin FOOLISH ass atheletes !!! 35 mill down the drain    not to mention a great Giants season..WHY ?!?!?!?!
I was trying 2 use it the other day also  had the hardest time. I said fuck it &just called the person. It wasn't working.
yea the weather sucks. At least you missed the 8 degree weather though lol.
It's not weird you hate that. Me  too but sometiimes the list gets a little unwieldy.
hahahah aw.  i support the faux-man hate.  although  i tend to support real-man-hate nowadays  too.... =/
twins! we've been watching this one guy  he sucks with a hammer
oh guess who got an australian shephard puppy today. note: NOT ME. the other roommate. yeah. another. fucking. dog.
whos your favoroute band?r A: ITS SHORT STACK OMG!!!r is it really?r YES!!! no really tell me?
Damn.  Next thing you'll be telling me  Rumple of the Bailey isn't a documentary.
damn that sucks..I hope you are ok now
ummm theres alot of memories but none that i can think of at the moment
Of course I can(:
I especially hate it when they make me lift up my feet to sweep under my desk. Sigh.
fucking buses. One drove straight past me on Friday night  and I was waving my arms like a windmill. Baaaaah!
yeah  im pissed. liek my body is tired  but my brain isnt  or is it the other way around? fuck idk anymore
fuckin hate your ass.
Hot damn  champ right here! Had the old school TT shell helmet on for the whole trip. Backwards even! Huoooooooah!
Sucks 4 you!!!!!! Your just not a lucky ducky are you? First your phone  now this!
You know what pisses me off! That I cant fight a damn Russian or Euro ever! It takes freakin long to get a match started
yeah... even though i really couldnt.
no i dont put ppl in jars but if i want to dispose them nicely i would bury them if i dont i spose i could cut them up in little piec yer i will stop there its kinda gross haha
Get used to it.  WaMu's been fucking me over with my live-check deposits since I opened the account 2 years ago.  5 day  90% hold.
was it the Nigella coca cola ham? that pig rocks!
Oooh  I'm so going there this weekend!! I just hate malls at Xmas time. Bah.
Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
Now wait a second mr fanboy. You cant judge it without seeing it. You already think it sucks and its not even out.
i dont givafuck. ur friendless  previously stated in one of my other comments. except for firey  bitch
What is the second most unique thing?
if gov is going to make it  uncomfortable  to be fat  expect it will work  shouldn't they also make it uncomfortable to be poor? #tcot
commiserating in the flu club mine is tummy flu w you. def. sucks being sick.
yea tell all your crackhead faggot whore friends. I am charging for entertainment
FUCK YEAH!!!! PARTY!!!!!
live life love
I would have done it by now tbh. I have no words except just WHAT THE SHITTING FUCK ARE THEY THINKING!
still got that ass whooped haha.
hmm..i dont think i would haunt. I would be like Casper the friendly ghost. :) and want to make people friends and have fun all the time :)
you dont need a big fat spirit animal to be embarassed...
-- damn homie ... in highschool you was the man homie. fuck happened to you?
wow.. Thats how people get fat haha
Would you ever save a prostitutes life?
Is there anyone who was in your life that it hurts you to think about?
haha... so you want to be a twitter slut... alright  fine... i'll be waiting for the moment you mature from a tease to a slut!
not grandparents..
Idk I think it swings both ways pretty strongly. The human race is never satisfied and I believe that both sexes have the tendencey to cheat. At all ages and for all reasons.
jia..that is dead ass wrong
The yellow one!
Heyyy Abrilll(:!!! iloveyhuuu<3 muchooo!!
If you saw your zipper was down and people had noticed  what would you do?
I hate you .. why can't I go to Vegas 
hehe its all good. my drunken ass is moving off of twirl and to the crack...berry that is.  :) feel free to txt me yo. 3204694136
hate. you.
they stole my slogan!!! I hate them for that!
Are one handed people offended when police tell them to put their hands up?
yeah it sucks i know  she was one spankin hot mofo
GOD. You HATE US  don't you  George?! ::runs away crying::
I would have laughed so damn hard.
Woah Im Jealous  Well Hey Stranger :)
Rice :] haha
no
You discover a beautiful island upon which you may build your own society. You make the rules. What is the first rule you put into place?
pssst  my massages include an intense ass massage 2 die 4. Don't forget a nice foot rub too. Usually will lead to the E zones
Well good god damn.
totally agree dude. Pushed carts at Safeway for 2yrs in hs  people are fucking retarded
PCD. All the way! :)
OMG marv said he hopes my Areolas implode. now thats demented. i just made a gay website about him  i didnt wish evil upon him!
My bestest.
any workplace where that isn't safe needs to harden the fuck up :p
My unemployed ass ain't goin' anywhere.
Michael? Rant? NEVAH!!!! Srsly  that sucks...
I have my shit straight  she wears like the same T-shirts.. her little pink and white stripped shirt or the plaid blue and red or pink shirt or whatever  and maybe some random ones.. with jeans or shorts and vans. OWNED.
bananas :]
Am not! Youz a hoe  a baybay.
.. STFU TABI ... you may not be fake .... but your a bitch annd need to go back to Idaho .. HOEEE ... orr just go to W'ford.. your better off ther anyways (: .. you have like 1 maybe 2 friends in brock  soooo leave
Apple store!(; Need a MAC pro!
Describe your first REAL date?
Yeah I doubt I can go either. Kids xmas party. I hate attending these things  but oh well. Family first.
Actaully  after you sent that I had to sit down for dinner.  Hate to break it to you  but grandma said you had to leave.
eyes :p
Whoa. Quite a heavy-hitter to hang out with the vagabonds and tellers of dick jokes. Guess we know who to blackmail first.
If drugs had no bad effect on your health...would you do them?
I was belting out songs from  Fiddler On The Roof  and  Rocky Horror Picture Show   I might have been a gay  Jewish man?
so do i! especially rocket. I hate celery though
oh no  I always try to make my desk look neat. Fail whale. There are always newspapers piling up  cables are worse!
So baby don't worryr You are my onlyr You won't be lonelyr Even if the sky is falling downr You'll be my onlyr No need to worryr Baby are you down? r Down  downr Baby are you down? r Down  downr Even if the sky is falling down
cuter
WHO CARES I HATE THEM! FTW! Knitting and crocheting before bed 3
I think it's jmo1200. I bought the tim biskup from him. He's a fucking ass :/
Ouch.  That sucks!!
I loveeeeeeeee u Alexisssssssss! your teew fukinn beautiful :)
wow... I feel like a real loser now!   haha  better get my but in gear!
yeah those darn gay alarms at CVS.....
what do you do when you get upset?
Chicken Or Hamburgers?
sup? :]
SWEEET you've just become cooler in my book or as someone said earlier today.. kick ass... so 80's :)
mark Ya! Dick head old man!
man i'm jealous of your day! i'm also hooked on twitter. damn arv. like i needed another procrastinating tool like this.
he was so fucking cute this morning! I didn't want to leave :)
#NAME?
hippies hate that stuff... too chemical-y. This is true when used in ENORMOUS amounts.
Bitch  you wish. Keep dreamin... =]
in making decisions  you always end up following what your ______ says.. heart or brain?
dude  fucking seriously  you watched hella  now pay or wait an hour. bull shit. I want Stage 6 back!
Do you think that animals dream?
shits gay!
damn man on sum real shyt...u scarin me...my city got deaths..but damn...disz aint even koo
damn  prolly not! Now  I wanna know! LOL
Yes :)
I had a wedding to go to in columbus lastnight and today im just chillin with my baby all day in our new apartment :]
ammmmmbbaaaaaa
I did ur mom last night? Naww I don't like old fat white bitches! 
After our chat earlier this week  your tweet is a twerp. Thrive or Dive chick?
I don't think gay rights groups could force churches into gay marriage  just as churches can't force gays to become straight #tcot
no but i wanna go their
you guys obviously dont understand my TREND that i have SET:'O aaanyyywhoooooooo. uuuhm markers or colored pencils or crayons and what color 0_o these are getting hard now:D
but is it colder than penguin pussy?
oh man that sucks. I'm sorry. Sucks to live with people who are dirty..trust me  I can relate.
I have no idea why I live here. It sucks in the winter.
Your gorgeous :)
yeah. my boo just did but only cause ive been laying around like a hermet crab sick as a dog for the last couple weeks.
do you use the term fuck on a stick
i like one of my friends
Love or Hate?
awwwwz poor little emo girl
Or  he's just sick of hearing me bitch about the cold and doesn't know what else to get me. I like your theory better  lol.
I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #green because... Why the fuck not?
I like your mustcha
I hate nearly everything about the first two HP movies.
I hate you.
yeah that was my general feeling the whole time I worked at Hot Topic. Going in to work was a fucking chore.I'm sure it's worse now
Well get your ass busy!
I hate you sometimes. lol
Have you ever fell in love with someone who you knew was no good for you?
try fuck.
All those people who hate Hillary are the same ones who voted for her husband and loved her before Obama.  Just seems strange.
Stop making fakes of yourself. You are ugly as fuck. You're not actually 16 bitch. And you're deff not a cyrus. Get a mother fucking life  cunt.
is officially too gay to function!
*sigh* oh  Karrine. You said the phrase  Sluts with Butts  on a site called MomLogic.com. You fuck'n rule! :) LMAO
I want ________ to be my sister.
Then Clive is a total pussy and after reading his Dominion shit I do not believe that. Oh Clive so many missteps.
omg cum 2 short stak!1!!/
lol yeah  I coulda told you that cuz I'm a big fucking dorkass about that movie as wel all very well know :) I actually had a dream
haha okay.r we are friends.
Your home alone  you hear someone trying to break in  what do you do?
You did not come off as a bitch.  At least  you definitely weren't as bitchy as I thought I was being.  I've gotten upset now too
Have you ever done one of those win free stuff things?
i just fucking beat you!
Depends. Will you sit there and hate yourself? ;) Would you be able to do a half day?
hey fag why you gotta ask the whole world!? j/k your awesome
mark Ya! Dick head old man!
holy sh** Im tired from reading ur shopping stops. How big of a family you have?Damn!
And you didn't even make it a dick joke? I feel like I don't know you.
damn  we're in a tight spot
What is the one thing in the world that makes you teary eyed?:
they stole my slogan!!! I hate them for that!
i am doing no such thing fuck you
how about   cock-a-doodle-doo 
ass balls... lmfao.
hate  can'r do  atitude. can do works almosr all the time.
Do you have any favorite YouTube star?
You know all about some interpretive gay dancing.
except now they have his crazy ass son to deal with  probably.
a fat boy sweet talker?
Actually  Dick Cheney slashed the funding of the program and cut the staff down to 1 person  which is why it looks so bad.
Lol idk thoo Kim has a better body buhht ugh geez idk x
hahahha thank you :)
my lungs are fine  but my legs are like  bitch  your ass is heavy !! let's stop  
am I too emo? 
it was in reference to his gay suit
i'm glad someone is teaching that 3-year-old how to  slap dat ass  :)
uhmm bestie... y dnt u evr get da braces?? ya teeth are fcked up???
Have you seen his ugly ass? he IS the phantom. Women wouldnt sleep with him if he didn't woo us with melodies and faux-mance
I do yoga. :]
I want my mom to _________.
Are you still sinqle.?
People say I don't know alot. Is that a real answer? Personally I think not.
Apriiiiiiiiiiiill!!! I miss uuuu! It's Emma btw haha
..of course your work kicks ass too-didnt want u to think not appreciated! My god-that was amazing though wasnt it
oh well you should really watch jar squatter sick video sick as in holy shit i cant believe he did that... i dare you to watch it and not look away are you up to the challenge?
dunno  I just saw her go at the top of stairs; It seemed like an ass slide.
No. Being  down  5lbs is a bad thing when you're a scrawny nerd who's trying to bulk up. :)
katrinaneufeld Does a French whore smell better or worse than ur down home Blackstone variety?
Are your underwear and socks folded in your drawer or just thrown in?
I do but I picture the fat guy in the leotard
must be a crappy movie if you're on Twitter! I'm working. I hate my life. lol
I guess everything's alright but I hate this still.
I didn't call her fat at all! Keep your fucking nose out of other peoples business!
I had a dream involving a rhino chasing me because of my polo cologne. Everyone says it represents a fat woman. My life sucks.
I swear! I could never lie to my fiancee! ;)
FUCK YOU I TOLD YOU I CAN COOK
....you gone wind up fucking her is that what u wanna do  shawty
sakoyo hahaha smart ass!!! laughing in my boots...hahaha...still laughing...not! Nah not sad...I dont joke like that anymore..haha
Just remind libs that Barack Obama is against gay marriage and like everything else they will follow #TCOT
we gonna make bklyn see what's up! Hell fucking yeah!
don't be all emo like that xD.
Just keep your head up...you kick so much ass...
holy fuck.
Damn that is so unfair. Where is the version of Firefox for white  slightly balding men.
look to your right.. tell me the first thing you see
haven't the Palestinians suffered enough without having to deal with that fat fool......heh
aw man that sucks!! was it your brother again? =( im sorry
kewl lol
Frankly  I'm shocked that they use coal at all around here... HELLO!!! Hydro anyone? There's a fucking OCEAN right there!
Fuck you and your family.
what happens when you run out of Word of the Gay words. :)
hahahahaha no you wont i know u wont lol he just wants to kow just tell him
well clean the damn floor!
Damn fucking skippy. I'm onthe same shit
are you better today than you are yesterday?
hi:) how are u haha.
Not really. Atlantis was okay. Old Star Gate on now. Was about to watch Numbers. Might do Sudoku instead unless u ready u fuck :)
thats what i am saying...they need to pay me.thats m*ttaf*cking free promotion. ungrateful ass people.
You bash Nickelback  but you listen to Staind? WTF?! I hate both  btw.
Oh yeah. That would be a good one. I still think they could kick ass doing  Got to Get You Into My Life. 
iiLooveeyouumiss you Alexiss.!!
We are family.
try fuck.
Michael Jacko and Subway! Doh!
Well that sucks.
parents xD
ugh  fuck the chargers!
hate you...
what happens when you run out of Word of the Gay words. :)
What message would you want to put in a fortune cookie?
  damn I have only 1 bed and 1 cake. Whatever shall we do?
why would i accuse you  im SUPER FUCKING JESLOUS OF YOU
How do you groom your nails?
what is up with viva la vida having almost all its songs in 2 parts? i hate part 1 of  42  but love the 2nd half!
Well fine  they can call them seat protectors in Great Britain but in the US of A they best call 'em ass protectors.
Love it :]
yeah i just don't wanna do blackberry but they may wrestle me into it just because they r kind of the best. i hate 2 admit it.
Do u like Krista?
Hmmm....U makin me hungry first of all!  Dairy Queen! YUMM!!
oh. yeah. no loving for nikki. poor nikki. she's too emo.
Excited that yr friends get to see yr show. I hate them. ;) No  rly  I do. .....Sad that tonite is last show.  Hard to say goodbye?
OMG! cute emo cow! that would be acceptable! and the cow wouldn't mind the blood drinking...
lol :-) I just hate that designers alwaysthink THEY know best and likewise other people are clueless. It's insulting
how many pillows do you use?
 Fuck yeah!
No thanks. I don't want cable. I hate most TV shows. I really hate commercials. I get my news online. I'm good. :)
Oh my fucking ~*gawd. *eye roll*
ok I take you off of my hate list and send you hugs  I am in business..this is my alter ego. mwahahah
damn what you getting in to
Yeah I know hahaha. they just pop up out of nowhere!  :P
that's happened to me twice in the past 4 months. Pain in the ass. Much.
w3wt! I was Fat Sam once :D
My shit is done already  I got a trilogy called  I hate rap   Naw  just joking...    Rap is dead  but buy my shit 
my programs is telling me the same damn thing. WTH!?!
fuck duke!
They say I have the best ass this side of fourteenth street.
:p
h2o. snapple raspberry white tea. oj-homestyle with all the juicey bits
me too. So entertaining. Dude you watch this mvie called trailor parl of terror. Fucking brilliant.
I just noticed that they're opening for 'em. Damn  I'm stupid.
awhhh :) good
The job sitch sucks. My husband's a carpenter. Who do you think is building in this economy? NOBODY.
 welcome to frisco on new years....damn crazy!
I just use the standard twitter site and it's tough.  :P  WOuld hate to find another addiction to go along with this one.
DAMN. I used to compile irogs when I worked in civil firm. Discovery of all sorts can be tiresome. GL! Atty's staff can help.
I responded and asked you  but yes it does vary. Some think gay marriage is immoral. I think those people are bigots.
What is the most expensive thing you have on right now?
your cute ;) dump jaybee and come talk to me
Don't you just hate deciding on things.
45 windows and only 12 open and about 30 people on break I mean I want 23 a hour to do not a damn thing
Which do you use more  your computer or your mobile phone
magenta and white :]
I hate stupid people.
dui.
silliest. idk haha im pretty silly all the time
Damn fucking skippy. I'm onthe same shit
Ouch.  That sucks!!
that's why I throw a hard ice grill at him...no words...get the ticket and get the fuck out cause I've never had luck
That sucks. I've escaped it so far  but you're right  everyone else seems to have it or getting it. I'm prolly next. Yikes!
hahaha! Thanks for the heads up. I hate when that happens
Have you ever been cow-tipping or snipe-hunting?
Hahaha!!! Ohh cool wait are yuh thee april on twitter?! april2? haha yay! We beasts yo! haa
pants. dammit. i hate pants.
wow   that sucks.
if you had the opportunity to be in a movie with any actor/actress who would it be?
he's gay like u lmao. And the rest of the guys are alergic to fruits. *wink* lmao.
Did you just call your mum a cunt? :O
canadians always make me think shut your fucking face uncle fucker!   
I nominate  for a shorty award in #entertainment because... HE MET YOUTUBE BITCH!!
I hate having to work ALL the time :)
Damn he's doing sneeks for Nike and Louis Vuitton? Dude's gonna be rolling in dollar...
Yeah  and T-Mobile Germany offers unlimited Worldwide calling to other T-Mobile phones. USA only offers Nationwide. Sucks.
dude  you're fucking insane
LOWKEYY;; hehe Don't even trip<$
i fuck wit u.  u got skillz homie.
They beeped out  cock  .. eh gad! What do they do with vera on corination street with here  Coming to the rovers cock? 
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t! Damn where all the white women at! Come on! Hahaha so is that why celebs  crossover  when they make it
lol.. that sucks..it's so nice in miami... catching that ocean breeze from the balcony....don't want to rub it in...lol
do you ever think of an amazing song from the 80s or 90s or something and wonder if it would still be big if it was released now for the first time?
I have my shit straight  she wears like the same T-shirts.. her little pink and white stripped shirt or the plaid blue and red or pink shirt or whatever  and maybe some random ones.. with jeans or shorts and vans. OWNED.
Why you confused?
no fucking crazy josh!!!!
Oh  that sucks. Why I blew off my own appointment yesterday. I just couldn't face the wait.
i hate you all
i don't know that bambi's ass is a nice place. LOL
Do you have a T.V. in your bedroom?
That sucks:)
thats what i am saying...they need to pay me.thats m*ttaf*cking free promotion. ungrateful ass people.
samantha locascio <3 lmao.r but no  i just have that there cuz i like it
someone i could laugh with
damn.
I'm going to watch him kick Count Adamar's ass and then it's off to feed the beast.
get out of my fucking brain!  I am not yours!
hahaha i dont know it. i think i need to research some of the carrie underwood songs before i go lol
that sucks :-(
Vaginaaaaaaaaa???
damn...wish I knew how to write script. I just did 9 and have 7 more to upgrade.
I went to a wedding party this saturday! :] it was fun. I danced a lot ahhaha
who's your best guy and girl friend
Hello?
HAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHA LULZ     your STILL a cunt!!!!! hahahahahahahah lulz lulz lulz lulz lulz
are you and lindsey talking?
ummmmmmm  im not sure about the nicest. but ive tourn someone down with words pretty well. so thats the worst.
girlfriend where the fuck did u find that photo! lmao!
ah shit that sucks!
smile. eyes. complection
Hey my name is April too! Haha. People named April are always cool. LOL.
lilgego1youngg .com
well that sucks  I might be in LA at the end of this month! :(
Damn straight I am!  I want to be 50ft!  I also want to play Barbarella.  I'd be much better than Rose McGowan.
no way. they REALLY hate you  don't they?!
crude?
Umm? Think wht chuu want babeyy(:
How do you eat your cookie? eat around edges  break in half  just eat it lol
fuck 'em
Yes. I like to think so.
i hate u. looooooool
fuck you
You are a Linux whore!
I hate .... you .... zzzzzzzz
Is there such thing in life as a selfless sacrafice?
Can a short person talk down to a taller person?
do you love justin?
That happens here in MD too. People totally freak!
what if it could be all 3 that would stink on 2 levels  but I bet it is a fat bonus  or ur picking up his backyard
Welkom  Dat Apple freak deed me besluiten je maar te volgen :)
Fuck you and your snow! Or  bring some of it down here? ;)
Listen  RayRay  I gave you the lowdown as soon as I got it. I hadn't heard it b4 and I was shocked. She seems to hate his guts.
ur gay? me. u. mall. shopping!
yuck... that is going to take a long ass time...
You have NO idea.  I hate Christmas. Can't wait till it's over.  Nothing but a lot of work for me.
:((   tweet tweet you cookie crumble ass nigga
i didnt call in gay either. but my company donated 100 g's to support No on prop 8. ::shrug:: squaresies  i guess.
At the C's before I hit the hay. Still hate Boston?
it was a joke haha. i figured id be emo too since everyone is complaining on here
well if u looking for more sex  watch the fat boy freaking his pillow thats now playing. Ewwwwwww!!!!
Are my questions boring?
 lol BJ's blow ass :P
it was a good show...dude!  Did you call in gay  rotfl
i hate your face sounds EXACTLY like something i would say.also reminds me of a drunk girl trying to fight me and
Well  if he's a pussy  he surely isn't that man of  substance  your looking for lol...Don't settle when you know you want more.
and then prue  Phoebe from charmed came over but then the robots came back  i had to run but some boy saved me lol #Random
Spontaeity. hahaha even though i wish i could say stability.
Aw  don't hate on Keith.  He's still smarting from that not-being-crowned-the-next-Russert thing.  :)
FUCK YEAH!
kicks dons ass. *HUGS*
What happens to an irrisitable force when it hits an immovable object?
No. Being  down  5lbs is a bad thing when you're a scrawny nerd who's trying to bulk up. :)
losing winter insulation is one of the horrific side effects of Biggest Loser that nobody warns you about. It's brutal!
What's your favv waterpark to go to? :]
the only show more thug is the nigga who be in the woods eating beetles and drinking his piss! that niggas GANGSTA!
Your so pretttyyy. :)
lol you'd go gay for Zac Efron
hahahah idk.
agreed.  UGO sucks ass
I hate em..
welcome to my world: you're sick  some people think you're funny  others hate you  nobody wants to suck your cock.
this makes mme smile lol. I hate him. But we still dont bring him up bc to us he is dead and non-existant.
My Orthodontist docotr hahahaha!!! Jkjk or am i lmao!
katrinaneufeld Does a French whore smell better or worse than ur down home Blackstone variety?
Yeah  and T-Mobile Germany offers unlimited Worldwide calling to other T-Mobile phones. USA only offers Nationwide. Sucks.
mussels? or muscles. Damn web-people.
ITS GROSS. AND NOT NEEDED. I HATE IT! LMFAOOO.
nah i hate watermarks.. plus i should stop being a hypocrite though as i post things out of google image search on the regular.
I think the 76ers need a new GM. How about Elgin Gay Baylor?
im not Jewish im catholic so suck a dick
is love really blind? why or why not?
except now they have his crazy ass son to deal with  probably.
i hate when i miss mac chats! grrr
not at the time
damn.
I hate fakers...reveal yourself and you got the nerve not to follow people WACK
You're very annoying
thats not a lot of age difference....come on you know you wanna fuck him :P...JOKES
i wish. hhhhhighhhhyeaaaahhhh!
Do you have a specific work-out routine?..if  not  how do you keep in shape? [mentally and physically  speaking].
They've been good :)
omg i would shop my ass off but that's because i have like zero long term goals :(
What would you do if you had a child that was a killer?
HAHA  please have a huge party now...just to piss them off
hip hop and rb. anything on 102.7 and 97.1
That wasn't me
U know they all the same dame spot! I bet ya'll got the same damn middle eastern type of cats cooking that crack up too!
damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
You're going to find a woman and tease her to make her have to cum silently at work?
sure
are you in college? what course are you taking?
The way its spelled. Sure.
ah damn.
when people ask you questions
NIGGERS NIGGERS NIGGERS BALLS BALLS TITTIES DICK SUCKING FAGGOT SHIT NIGGER ASSFUCK TITTIES FUCK NIGGERS
hot but sometimes i like cold. depends on the mood i guess
(: Tabitha Jai Locascio (:
what does lol mean?
How does he feel about marmite? Love It or Hate It?
Fat ass!
Swedish fish  reeeeses. YUM
2 Spare ass annie tracks in 2 podcasts! What a joy ;) + I love Sufjan Stevens so was great to hear one of the Xmas tracks nice one
i like to fuck when i tweetup.
so do i! especially rocket. I hate celery though
GA has finally let out is inner ass and now everyone hates him :D
No God no. Fuck no. Fucking fuck god no.
both :P
Awh yourr so sweet(: Who are youu?
fucking ayeeeeee
BWahahahahah!!! Now you know why I had to take extensions on my damn documentation projects!! Stupid Twitter! *kicks his gf's pc*
hey hey this is from skin and bones by romance on a rocket ship. i love that song
whyy aree youu suchh aa faggottt(:
absolutely. i think speedy WANTS us to do homework...massive tons of homework.dang it! i hate this semester's finals!!
Does it bother you when people try to make you jealous?
....i make an ass out of my self  sad blushy face*
ight well its kinda hard...idk well mi lil boo  mi boo  and mi ex.
wow. your dad looks like a total bad ass!
i never said i liked pryce.
YOU ARE FUCKING BR00T4L
That sucks... Can you use it on your iphone?
I hate typoos!!
Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
yeah  it sucks :(
Save the dog and plea with my boss i was on the news for saving a drowning dogs life!! Too check it out and hope I don't lose my job. If I do...then there are plenty of jobs out there that need a working :) ha
For shizz lady. :]
I dreamt that those hugerobots from the car ads were out to kill me  i escaped from a palace in a revolution with an emo king  queen and khia was there too LMAO so i ran away  got to my old area and my fam were having dinner...
lots and lots
lol Jose I fucking love you lol.
not wit CB2009 Cock Blocker that's her new rap name. not wit CB2009 on her shit
Could be some accounts getting removed after suspicious behavior.  Damn spammers...
haha i like you to hahaha :)
  hate me for it later  but it's not bad
Do u wanna get raped? ;) hehe
do people in australia call the rest of the world up over?
I am going to try and find a boyfriend by august and beat his ass into doing it!!!!!!
LOL at the Razor Ramon shit. I surely was gonna Ultimate Warrior his ass. Shaking the ropes and the whole 9!
do people in australia call the rest of the world up over?
we r so fucking on for real. I might leave after Josh  but i can't wait! _
Hate to say it to you or hurt your feelings  Justine  but your Steelers are going DOWN next weekend!
id die if he was super antsy i wanna request vacation and know when my shows r damn it first series anyway
I always respond to that use of gay by asking if the subject really is  fag-o-licious 
cooool riddleee! :Dr did you gooogleeee it to find it or.....? :)
payment schedule...been there...sucks ass
Your picture looks shopped...
i hate you :P happy birthday dude  good to know your enjoying it
hahahha i really love that hahaha :)
i hate people who update their fb status more than once a day unless absolutely necessary...tweets-thats what they're for!
I read WP as WordPress but damn that is hilarious.
No crab? Don't be a bitch. Twitter party indeed
huh? they love animals so they dont eat THEM but they do gotta eat one way or another lol
some kid made copies of the questions and a teacher looked at it...fucking dumbass he/she screwed it up for all of us.
~ wholeheartedly agree that NYE music entertainment sucks!
that sucks for your teacher. poor guy. isn't your class full of adults? do they act mature like adults are supposed to?
I hate you so much you stupid New York... douche. bagel.
It's kinda like  2% milk.  Sounds great! Only 2% fat! But whole milk is 3.5% fat. Oh  not such a big deal anymore.
hmmm me either!!! well wait I've had like two... maybe more I dunno... I hate having my photo taken I do know that much!
If you had access to a time machine  where and when would be the first place you travel to?
Agreed!  Twitter showed the way with the whale ;)
omg that so fucking sucks
Just another day  money to be made  got my hater blockers on for those haters who goin hate... Thats how im feeling today.
Yea that is some BS! I HATE MESS LIKE THAT!
I am slighty mad at perry.  he can lick me ass!!!! loll
haha. that sucks though. if it's any comfort  i had a student break some of my XLR contact mics. gotta break out the iron now.
yeah we do... damn this time difference *HUGS*
burritoville is dead? What the fuck?!
Thanks... you are the sweetest! :) Are they fat free?
Basketball<3
i realized it by watching old horror films and crazy foreign ones. Ive also noticed that america has a thing for fucking up...
damn  why don't all harem leads shout that  kouhai~? would be interesting the resulting chaos
we keep it utmost real. Now get ya ass to NY
I hate that road. crappy. Reminds me of Joburg. And then every1 is angry when they hit Sir Lowry's pass.  kuck
:]
iFUCKINLoveyou!!!<33 xox ha!
haha I feel like an ass I switched my name and forgot to load in under the new name lol
WTF emo ass lookin bitch  *sigh*
point taken. fuck.
-- damn fool. you're a 247 workhorse!
lol
Oh wow! How do i know you? :)
to live on a deserted island with friends and family away from the world. money. selfishness. mean people. traffic. cliques. bad influences. annoying laws. limitations and live off of the land like an indian :) haha
r IF today is tommorrow  and tommorrow is today  what day is today?!?r 0_0
LOL- I know how much u hate traffic- just know it was 10 times worse last night :)
What are your parents like?
I hate giving little kids antibiotics...10 days 2 a day and important they get it all down...impossible!
Kick some ass miss jen!
Kindness to all  or your exiled to the shark sea.
Could you go out in public looking like you do now?
u know  that's what I hate about Ohio  seeing grown up idiots in shorts when it's freezing outside :0
omg  that sucks arse! I am so sorry =/
Sometimes if im looking forward to gettin the call from that particular person.
 Do you HATE Cleo!?  Let her win for once  you're breaking my heart!  ;)
Was there anything unusual about your birth?
opposite.
Do you know I took my backround picture?(:
 You guys are in the same fucking house and using twitter to talk.
I hate that UPS' delivery time is between 9am and 7pm.
we r so fucking on for real. I might leave after Josh  but i can't wait! _
sorry i missed you   Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy  I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
Stop! Leave Tabitha ALONE  she's NOT those type of girls that you can just fuck with. She just wants someone to LOVE her  and I for one aboustly love her
That is bad ass.
you! :]
popcorn!!! twizzlers. and some mike and ikes.
For some damn reason I can't no freakin idea  my blocks haven't been working right lately
what if it could be all 3 that would stink on 2 levels  but I bet it is a fat bonus  or ur picking up his backyard
Damn dude...
or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
damn! Ok look  make the stripper pole look like a knitting needle and impale a stripper granny on it. That's the only way.
What's your funny story?
I really hate bailing these guys out! They treat everyone like crap!
damn yo I did!
oh that sucks! apply for targets/walmarts
Wilt fresh spinach with hot bacon fat and top with bacon!
it was a good show...dude!  Did you call in gay  rotfl
How long does it take to get over a bad relationship? bad does not imply violent
we dont currently have a dining room rightnow haha
Exactly! Damn cops disagree though
I know how to change a tire  change my oil  what most parts of the car and motor is. I can put all liquids in my motor :] and I soo have my own jumpers haha
stop hating on the tube...its this damn censorship thats pissing me off more
I hate it  too.
Are dollar stores cool?:
i hate you :P happy birthday dude  good to know your enjoying it
dat bitch left u lol
like tha new 50 shit fire.  finally sum club gangsta shit i neede that!!! hook is catchy as fuck and 50 whas rappin good.
already spent  and it had to be programmed with a special machine. Fuck you car. But thanks!
OMG bundesliga and brasilian bossanova. This was worse than seeing your loved family dog licking his ass. I'm scarred
Oh great another fucking video from you... Have you ever thought abour retiring? LOL
That sucks. Are you alright?
I hate you so much.
Fuck you! Learn to surf NA!
the fail whale?
Do you get nervous before doctor appointments?
fuck if I know man. Were guys  don't think of that shit until afterwards. U usually go crazy with the camera but not this time
i got the whale too.  :(
can only handle so much pussy control...and the doves make me cry
In order not to piss off anyone w/ crappy weather  I'll just say it does NOT feel like xmas/hanukkah in these parts either.
Do you listen to music depending on what mood you are in or does music make your mood?
you can have my dick. Its delicious
dick van dyke is way cooler too.
that's what I just did. We went with Cajun Krab dip and the missus is making peanut butter banana bread. Why? 'cuz she's bad ass!
You've got to be fucking kidding me.
never mindVVV
yes actually. my yearly female doc's visit. this tuesday.. haha
I crack up just thinking of that! Can you see that Mom on the other end of the phone? TOO DAMN FUNNY!
does it matter
That sucks.
Gay!
It sucks when the kids are sick and it is ALL night.  Worse than toothache is vomit in the middle of the night.
What bothers you the most about society?
do not bitch about the temperatures while I'm up in the freezing tundra of the north or I'll slap yer pregnant ass  love.
Hi new friend! I like your personality.super cool:) Yeah I forgot it is like 9 am there..that sucks!
So true  so true.  Lame ass people are now officially off my radar!!!! Bu-bye!
I have one for your information WTF. That's MY LIFE  NOT YOURS. You best think twice before you try to steal my stuff  bitch.
No...
Have you ever been to those cyber cafes to use the internet? How much they charge per hour? I did a long time ago  its 3 dollar an hour!!!
I should brush my bangs over my eyes and join you in emo grief.
lol you'd go gay for Zac Efron
damn right it wi be!
I think they can with a kick ass stereo.;)
As someone who spent many years in Phoenix  I think the desert creatures would freak if they saw snow.
Are you listening to any music right now?  If so  what is it?
damn missing coffeeclub again. And this time really could have used a coffee ;-)
Fuck a serato record  I was worried about my windows crackin..lol..I can live w/o a serato record  I don't have a backup window.
You can cast any actor now alive to play you in a film about your life. Whom would you cast in the role?
..
that sucks loxy. I wish there was smtg I could do! Is chury back in cgy as well?
no bike for me this AM  piss off  damn u and ur Aussie sunshine!
why do u have a new girlfriend like every single month??
Im having a open face turkey sand. Not healthy but damn good.
Juss krista as usual..
Gay fag.
are you reliable?
She makes me sick. She thinks she's cool and youthful cuz she watches that show. Phony bitch.
Ohhhhh I get it now.
LIKE BITCH WUSSUP! Ahahaha
whoever u give a chance to better be damn lucky and appreciative.
Do you have any scars on your body?  If so  how'd you get them?
Oooh  I'm so going there this weekend!! I just hate malls at Xmas time. Bah.
yeah.....then you'll never have to have any other apps running outside of FF! FUCK YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
Hell yeah! With their invisible sneaking nonsense. I almost want to play as one some time to fuck with people though.
That's the  Nerd  part of me. Now horseradish is basically just a condiment. If you have parasites  see a doctor. ;-)
well... the giant carts slamming into your ass isn't SOOO bad. But the sample hogs are pretty gross.
i miss you guys. munich airport sucks.
maybe :P
All those people who hate Hillary are the same ones who voted for her husband and loved her before Obama.  Just seems strange.
damn girl. that was fire!
Entertainingly cheesy :]
no grown man should include DIP in his sentence....lol...I know I'm hatin but fuck it I'm lookin   snow..lol
well now I have to edit myself and you know how I hate that!
I hate you so much.
i hate you
you ass. Yay Walmart!
Cincinnati. You?
yea that is sooo annoying
*sigh* oh  Karrine. You said the phrase  Sluts with Butts  on a site called MomLogic.com. You fuck'n rule! :) LMAO
i was afraid people would think i meant actual buckeyes! i hate peanut butter  but when its w/chocolate  its ok lol yummm
te
Haha  damn him indeed
u just had a vacation. lol Send me the new Al Fat joint that he did when we were at the studio
Oi you.  I'm no troll.  I sent you one damn tweet.
I know it sucks  but I'm actually envious of you.  Though I have orientation for a tutoring program on the 14th.  Did I tell you?
ohh everytime I see that nasty ass husband  wants me to beat the shit outta him
I can give you some tips on how to slut it up  if you'd like.
damn we got BWNT  where you headed tonight?
looooooove them!
Oh  come ON... 1/10?  That is fucking ridiculous... that's what you give a movie like Love Guru or one shot on a fucking celphone.
heh! ping me if you do come down to gay paris. We can interview eachother on the red carpet :)
damn.
Damn if TJ doesn't like your music  it must really suck. This guy will cosign anything
do you use the term fuck on a stick
LOL! The out-of-town revelers are arriving early for NYE...Damn tourists
Vans sukka! (:
WOW what a loser. I hope seth has some good male role models in his life.
its ok decided not to go to fam party. going back to bed. wtf moon i hate you. wtf life. dead.
come here  I'll kickle your ass.
I gave up on lighting hell this year. Got a 9 ft. pre-lit fake.  Love the smell of real but hate creating demand for tree killin'
wErd... you pick out 2) kick ass hip hop songs and we'll doit yo~
pffft you mean maybe you'll suck ass for her
i can't stop watching carrie underwood clips!!! im listening to cowboy casanova rite now!!!! :) i am soooo excited!!!! OMG
lol how
OMG! To damn funny. U need 2 video that shit. Lol
#NAME?
are you and lindsey talking?
ha! my ass be bowling lol
Twitter
Grosss! Your face is nasty
I hate em..
I am off for the night. I have to try to get some sleep. Leave me things? Thank you! <3
No...
What are you tired of hearing about?
FUCK YES!!! why so serious!! so fucking epic
grippos :) they are the bomb diggiety.
 haha. i love it! gay nights for all!
I don't think you'll find it on I-10 only on I-45. Hubby woke up and noticed that I haven't slept. Bah. Ambien sucks.
I felt the same way 3 weeks ago. And then proceeded to watch the whole. damn. thing. lol
Nursing :]
Stop it! I keep thinking you're going to say he's here! Now I'm waiting vicariously through you! Dammit! I hate waiting for babies!
dude  that pic of you in the Gold 2009 flyer looks like a friggen glamour shot  fag. hearts!
i hate godaddy  dont use them.  i have my own server.  uses a good one.
I am NOT a baby  you jerk off!
um da gurl dat hangs wit evelyn her name is katiana..cause i alwayz be hearing u talk about her do u like her?
The english dont give a fuck. This is established.
Neat. Damn PS3. Maybe I can convince mom that dad's ps2 needs an upgrade for Xmas.
have yu ever wondered what people would be like without yu 
meant that to be public. MindTouch and Zenoss finalists in Jolt Awards Enterprise cat. You're going down bitch! 
home now. Misses wont let me drink beer tonight cus I gotta do shit tomorow morning.Sucks.
have you ever been so drunk you dont remember what happened?
enak aja! nick carter ga gay!!
Charisma Carpenter is a CUNT.  I also told her.
Thanks  Ulrike! :) We'll make sure to nerd it up!
Well  I don't know if you have heard or not... but I hate it.
Yes. All the time.
do you want a girlfriend?
Sorry you bitch punched TEO.
...and theyre fucking wrong. The best horror films dont make you scream or flinch even once. In a good horror  you watch it and..
many times haha
mark Ya! Dick head old man!
retard?
damn yo I did!
 or L7  that's where i totally kick ass!!
wow  bang bros was the ish...haven't watched it for a while tho! :). damn  now I wanna see that! LOL
i'm like kyu 5000k  just a beginner.  I just posted one of my ass beatings on my thomasott.net blog
FUCK.
coincidence my ass... LOL... But it's a good suggestion so it'll go in the hat... Singapore would be interesting. 5 more...
Who was your first celebrity crush?
yes? Yes? Fucking YES?
okay :o
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t! Damn where all the white women at! Come on! Hahaha so is that why celebs  crossover  when they make it
my life to get back on track. ... oops i told. does that mean it wont come true?
damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
Yes  I have you and a bunch of other special people following me.  I just don't wanna waste the follow on some random fuck. :)
Son. Of. A. Bitch. :-p
wow emo... Ik ben benieuwd...
Now I have to try my best to get my ass blocked by  
Ordering Pizza Online??? Now thats some Fat Boy shyt!! :)
ever tried an ouija board?
yep ur an uber nerd now
trying not to hate you right now
oh god  we have an icp display in our window  and weve been getting so many fucking juggalos and they smell sooo bad.
what's the funnest place you have ever traveled?
anger and greed.
Possibly
lmao loser that was under nda...
did he really???!!!! OH FUCK OK I TAKE BACK ON DAN MARINO IM SORRY!!!! OK I BLAME ROMO AGAIN! AND WHITTEN! i'm through with them!
Who is ur lover???
Fuck you
Way to be a dick.
 Juicee that dick gone make u masturbate. watch what I tell you.
Ummm..Im not  a quitter.
What is unbelieveable to you?
In what country other than your own would you like to live?
fuck. YOU. Lost the game.
Damn............I guess he has a life :(   hahahahahha
I know  I really wanted to go to the show  but I gotta be responsible. I was in class w/all the idiots. I hate them all!
no i think you will hate it. Its a bunch of dirty work.
Damn  thats a serious studio session
 Fat Bastard sends hugs for retweet on Austin Girl blog:  need feedback on writing
just to clarify-  not really to the cunt punting... but really to the you being welcome to come over anytime!
smile hahah and say thank you :)
As opposed to a non fucking fuck?
She's probably saying all kinds of phony shit and giggling like she's 13 years old. God  I hate her.
btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
would be at least 4gb at a guess. I ain't using it ATM  if you don't leech ur ass off you're welcome to lend it
sam are you showing in 'in sequence' at white whale on friday night? I wasn't sure... since you'll be out of town for the opening
aw  thanks. it's going better than yesterday  that's for damn sure. :-D
Thats pretty damn awesome! Very smart :)  Sure!
re:fuck the creative industries blog post at squares of wheat:I say:Waaaay too much empty rhetoric there. Be the Change 
Do you give out second chances too easily?
I feel like such a nerd watching this! I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
its not my bedroom  but tan. blahhh
First.
argh fucking motherfuckers!!!!='(((( I can't believe it dude the place is legendary...how dare they..
Yeah  that would piss me off something terrible too... But you could regift it to a young relative...
I dunno  did you offer me any of that fuck-ton of beer in your fridge on Saturday? NO
Lazy ass :)
how did youu know 
you said  sucks  and I said why does it suck? LOL
Nahh unless i wanted to talk to someone taken from me unexpectedly.
it was fucking personalized. Damn it.
ud lyk it if they suxd ur dick.bt id kill them rit b4 i killed u.
lmao damn! thats all I can muster...
lmao that sucks.
Dig him up? Fuck that  I'm picturing next years Halloween costume already!
lmfao! bad ass!
Pig passle?? You northern folks are a bit strange. We barbecue our pigs in the south!!
like I said  I wouldn't even do it with your dick!
!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK YEAH YOU DID. 3 3 3
who the fuck is bur`li?
So you are right... reciprocity is a bitch Just not in the way that Lauren Hill meant it
I hate trying to hear over loud music lol
Called in gay? LMAO!
Shakespeare nerd!
You did not come off as a bitch.  At least  you definitely weren't as bitchy as I thought I was being.  I've gotten upset now too
 you can trust me to do my part to help  win his  biggest loser  contest.  ;)
You clearly said  Would I have to fuck anyone 
sweet! i sure hate i lost my anniversary edition dvd of it.....digitally remastered and just perfect
if you hate sprint. try jogging. and stop once and while for eggnog.
yeah... it sucks...
Damn Jim idk what to say:/ Sorry man.
can you please make me a dance your ass off video? Kthxbye.
fuck. :( 3
Totally agree with you.  Fuck Prop 8.  very cool that apple came out publicly against 8 on the website.
not telling. you will have to just find out on your own. it probably won't be too hard though.
No  you just piss out anything your body won't absorb.
oic but what do you want sir? Did I get you a book on conspiracies and shit already? Yes I did hmmmm fuck thinks
vampire :)
If you had one day to live  what would you spend that day doing?
I always respond to that use of gay by asking if the subject really is  fag-o-licious 
no fuck you
veryy intelligent :]
one thing you would want to disappear on this planet
even if you save it  your always going to eventually spend it. so to make good out of it   i'd spend it right away!! :]
Yooooo mate   RinnaLovesJB here. heyhey  ask me anything  (:
FUCK YEAH BIOSHOCK! Tell me how the apartment hunt goes!
Local and Etsy...I'm done giving my  to Fat Cats that produce elsewhere.
nothing. toes are pink tho :]
Awhh shit Dx who your man.?
how many people do you know with your first name?
attention whore.
Yeah  I would have fucking killed some one if I hadn't saved it. Still  400 DPI is way to high for my computer.
how often do you go to spa?
Well  get yourself a sticky one that sucks to the chair then! LOL
I hate it when I do things like that
you're having a bad-snow-day... that sucks!  if you are snowed in  noone will see your hair right? Trying to state the positives
but we did that yesterday. or tomorrow? fuck  is confusing being from the futr.
LOL well it's funny as hell they got two fat asses trying to fit threw some small holes.
because like everything you do  its ASS Backwards !!!!
haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
damn. ah well. Rusty and Danny are still good although Stark has been known to frequent Vegas on occasion
well now I have to edit myself and you know how I hate that!
make it big enough for my extended family and those who really arent family but treat them like they are to live in
What was your last awkward moment?
saw that   tents by wildcraft..damn next time i will be a participant...
I hate being behind those slow as plows. In a storm  it's nice to be on the plowed road  but I hate going that slow. Ugh.
SHUT THE FUCK UP BEFORE I PUT A HAMSTER UP YOUR ASS!!
OKAY. i was kidding down there lol. but 2 the other ppl that are being serious..SCREW-YOUR-SELFS. shes sooo pretty and you dont need 2 be sittinghere being mean to my friend!! your just jealous ur not as pretty as her (: <3 you tabi!!
lol! hey  stop being modest.  you OFTEN are a hot bitch.  :)
Lulz. OK. Internet Explorer sucks.
holy shit I'm not even taking that class  and I hate it 
fuck you
Mmmh... My second grade teach Mrs. Caldwell <3
Not really. Traits of people that I hate? Most definantly.
do you use the term fuck on a stick
goddamn it kj...fuck you 29 times 
Oh bitch you can't hide cus I'm gonna find you and we gon have a problem hoe
well  you can only watch one at a time but we have 3 since I hate watching  sd TV  now
thats not cold. its 4 fucking degrees here with a wind chill of -5! thats damn cold!
I'm on my way just to get gas and saw a 314. Damn it.
Any time i think about doin that i forget im counting and then by the time i get to the end im like dang it!! haha
eating oranges!!!!r CASSIE I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is French kissing in France just called kissing?
Do you like candy necklaces?
what did you do last night?
Do you hate being alone?
Not yet  the woman was wanting to escape  but I'm taking care of the situation  pppfff. I hate these kind of things :S
Wow  that's bad-ass. You're like Stanley now. Well  even more so...
only one of the best in children's musical entertainment. ;) she sings such hits as  pig on her head    we are the dinosaurs. 
Thanks! I'm not familiar w/ the  nerd heard  language. You should add #NH  so I can say #WUW #NH  
damn never ever in life took a sip? lol... good times bro
(: ahaha hii ceara..
oh yes I remember you mentioning that once! I live very close to Keller. I grew up in Keller  they used to hate it right?
Hmmm idk if i completely understand the question..
I do? Damn! But it's FOUR hours! After an hour + of plane ride!
idk but thats a good question. i always wonder the same thing. and why the parents allow them to be in it in the first place?
this is a place for QUESTIONS  try asking some.r will you do me?r what color of condom?r kidding. but really.
Just keep your head up...you kick so much ass...
haahar do u love taelin?
Pretty sure it's CO2 and H2O produces sugar  but damn that was a long time ago
WPMU can go fuck itself
What reality show do you wish you could be part of?
ever dyed your hair? if so how many times?
OMG  that is a total bitch! Those jerks play that game here too except they write big fine$ with the confiscations!
1. Are you fake? 2. Who's Cheyenne  Taylor  Tarren  Samantha  Jessica. 3. Do you live in Montana? Cheyenne is the real one. 4. She also has videos of her in school etc. Why is your pics in photobucket
nigga I'm DYING over here reading this sweeney interview.  anybody that aint me is a bitch  CLASSIC
Yeah  it's bitter sweet. I see apps like Amarok and think  kick ass  this will be great  then I see it has issues with syncing.
Tell me something about you that most people dont know.
Quit the gay ex and you wouldt sleep so much
If I could __________ then I would.
its pretty stupid! to get it to work like windows you have to press hold 'Command' then press your arrows. sucks i know!
Denny's :DDD
But surely  i need to improve on the digestive front. Ain't any fat panda :P
i got ur ticks  but yo ass ain't gonna come! lol
WTF emo ass lookin bitch  *sigh*
You outta know by Alanis Morrissette ;]
Would you ever sell drugs if you were poor?
That's just one of many examples of Superman being a dick. 
Doo You Still Gedd Ass Wopinqq's (: hahaha ;; Ps Dont Lie 
If I had I a lot of $$$$ I would probably ____________.
LIKE YOU HATE A HUNDRED DOLLAR TIP. the other strippers must be SO JELLY. JAAAAY KAAAAAYYYYYY
Why does CHUD hate kids so much? 10 years from now  they're your readers!
WHORE!
no  im tabitha jai locascio. myspace.com/tabiisaninja face book-  I HAVE NO CLUE WHO THIS CHEYENNE IS  so please send a link so i can see for myself  because i guess she might be using my pictures.
i dislike that
did it really? i fucked that bitch up!
esp. if someone is working for an employer supportive of gay rights  seems wrong for someone to then not show up to work.
I HATE that. I have a rhomboid  almost triangular 'washcloth' from learning bark sedge stitch. I use it to scrub the bathroom.
We have some haters in Detroit and Onterio.....God don't like Ugly...must be the no-competition In Canada  I think I hate spam
oic but what do you want sir? Did I get you a book on conspiracies and shit already? Yes I did hmmmm fuck thinks
well shit then I know I'll catch on ... who the fuck wouldn't be interested in what I have to say.. LOL!
a prissy bitch u r? Haha...i hope 2 hear the occurance that goes along with this statement.
I really wanted Paterson Joseph. Matt Smith looks like a bit of a dick... but quite interesting at the same time.
Weirdest pet you have ever had?
Nope. I fell on my ass on the way home.
Last time I was on a train was in Europe in 2001  but damn if I don't think of Hogwart's Express every time I think of them now
holy shit I'm not even taking that class  and I hate it 
pimping your blog again  but damn funny.  specially including Connex
hey fag why you gotta ask the whole world!? j/k your awesome
Then I would be gay and I would kill myself. Don't become a boy  please.
Dick Whittington's Lolcat: I WAS DOIN CAPS FOR LOLSPEAK  SORRY FER CONFYUSHION :( #twitpanto
Do you have a distinct smell?:
That sucks. My first account is still banned for hacking. mate sent em to me lost all mah games. :(
nope
Why do doctors leave the room when you change? They're going to see you naked anyway.
fuck right
i think its a cultural fad.. starbucks coffee sucks and its wayy overpriced.
OMG i hate that airport SO. MUCH.  good luck!  i hope you make it there safe and sound.
physical? hmm..uhh I guess that would be when I crashed going wayyy to fast down a hill on rollerblades in a dress and I fell into dirt that was better than concret but sure felt just as hard. Scraped all my legs  elbows and hands up. It hurt lol
your gorgeous  im not talking about just your looks  because everyone knows your beautiful  but im talking about  your personality. your soo nice and careing to everyone  your genuinly kind. i dont think you could ever do anything ugly
GIRLS  Do|Have you cheered? GUYS  Do|Have you played football? :]
What would you do if you found out the car you were in was stolen?
Shutter Island for both. paid at the theaters :]
yesssssssssssssss...its funny cause i hate the weather...but im gettin ready to move back to michigan on tuesday where its worse HA!
damn. thats crazy early. i wont hit the city til 9:30 but i will be a few blocks from the spot.
You done started something! Got me all nostalgic and shit KNOWING good and damn well I got work to do...LOL
I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #green because... Why the fuck not?
I meant boo YOU whore!
That sucks!
damn how much did we end up with on the ground?
fuck yeah!!! That is so far above just not failing!!
What do you question the most in life?
omg! that really sucks! anything serious?
I just needed an axcuse to share it.  I hate oatmeal  actually.
Hmm..Ah me. by griffen house. it puts me in a good mood :)
Aw  that sucks. Get better soon  Saurez.
If it wasn't for AT&T's spotty network  I'd switch in a heartbeat. That's where Verizon kicks some serious ass.
..........I hate SUVs. They're a great big ugly road hazard as far as I'm concerned. And very few people really NEED them.
I hate that entire area of new york.
D:!  That's horrible  ;__; This sucks.
No secrets for me this week :(
FAT WHALE U still Floating  Did not SINK Yet?
3 things that your mom doesn't know about you
And by no one I assume you are including me...damn.
damn  prolly not! Now  I wanna know! LOL
there you go...that's damn good to start. He's now branding himself  but he needs not to engage in worthless  beef 
No  but I'm saying that money that has gone into Gaza SHOULD be feeding people  not waging war and breding hate.
Oh  they will  I'm sure  but how can they be proper emo-indie babies if they don't come from a broken home? It is fated.
on dude......a whale remember
yep...that whole damn mixtape gets me hype lol
I felt the same way 3 weeks ago. And then proceeded to watch the whole. damn. thing. lol
yeah we do... damn this time difference *HUGS*
I sure as hell wou'l not dat a Chlamydia.  That would scare the piss outta me
Why isnt there a mouse flavoured cat food?
ohh everytime I see that nasty ass husband  wants me to beat the shit outta him
I remember trying one of those when my teen was a little one.  Those damn tents make u wanna commit murder!
you won't die in Queens we're civilized here in Queens  hell there's a Starbucks  McDonald's on damn near every corner  have fun
umm just put on sum gloves Jia...damn stop being so prissy lol
hahaha. once years ago when he was sleeping I applied some to his lips. I hate it when guys hve better lips 4 lipstick than me
ahahahaha so right. Im fucking freezing my ass off here.
hehe its all good. my drunken ass is moving off of twirl and to the crack...berry that is.  :) feel free to txt me yo. 3204694136
whiterabbit819 stFu u ass i care and thats all that matters!
i have no clue
Yeah  I can barely navigate through one.  I hate all those distracting things in there!
If London Bridge is standing why is there a song about it falling down?
22 again...
davidlano good luck..... I hate doing any sort of public speaking.....
the hormones are worse for guys.  I cant tell you how much I truly hate the thoughts that go through my head.
If you wanted to look very sexy  how would you dress?
I know  I really wanted to go to the show  but I gotta be responsible. I was in class w/all the idiots. I hate them all!
#NAME?
haha ugh this sucks :(
You'll get a million replies  so here is Japanese dirty words: Mankopussy Koshinukeichicken Temebastard/bitch
N HOW BOT BARBARA GOT ANGIE ASS GUH ME N TELA WAS LAUGHN 2 DAM HARD
 hey've just proved how fucking irrelevant they are  ..By making you go and read them?
I didn't call her fat at all! Keep your fucking nose out of other peoples business!
N E V E R.
just use water  loser.
oh well 2 baddddd
Favorite Sesame Street Character?
just got the free iPhone one this sucks and I am new to the twitter world.
jizz in my pants is old news nigga. Keep up LOL. instead of doing it locally just come over early and do it here. Fuck local shit
Well damn  that means you working wit something!  Lol..
I hate .... you .... zzzzzzzz
im gnna fxk u up!!!!!! ur a dum hoe
Must've been.  Damn men cause that  don't they :D
Ha! Yeah  that caught my attention  too. Now wait  watch for Red Wings fans to freak. I'm gonna make popcorn for that show :)
is your room messy or super neat?
Pshhh liar ^^
You know all about some interpretive gay dancing.
k im hella boredddddddd hurry the fuck up i saw my bro playing it  game looks sick
I'm jealous  I get all emo when I lack the season of all natures  sleep. :-)
the birds speak to josh! don't hate! lol
I hate em..
nopeee ;D
Get Shit Done Day is almost over  fuck it  you should come
What shall we call this gang? Initiation rights must begin with downing a Fail Whale.
I know...it sucks! We've been through it  both with the district and private therapists.
Now wait a second mr fanboy. You cant judge it without seeing it. You already think it sucks and its not even out.
What's one thing you hate the feeling of?
Give them info about real Christians. The Episcopal Bishop in NH is openly gay and has been amazing influence on our state.
Damn! I need 2 get my pole game where that chicks is....um  but 1st Ima need SOME pole game 2 start with! LMAO!
Do you likee chicks?
lawl   fat bitchez.
yu a dam lyee mikey yu kno ya mom behh tearn ya asz up.
no komment
What colour are you nails right now?
Lots of things. My brother overcame cancer at 2 years old. That was prolly the worst.
That ALWAYS happens to me! Damn skype.
OMG i would have went postal on her ass.  seriously
if you can get me a signed copy of Jordan's book....we'll pull some qoutes during shows.  That guy kicks ass muchos muchos  wow
no. i dont but thats cuz im insecure about myself
 hahaha .. you're silly! but dayum it's 10:22AM and i'm still kinda limping from my hip hurting THAT badly .. it sucks!
Damn he's doing sneeks for Nike and Louis Vuitton? Dude's gonna be rolling in dollar...
yeah white women can have his ass..in all seriousness.
I bet they hate their lives deep down. They always treat me like an idiot when I'm there.
repeat
What's cute?
Not yet ;] Sure hope so here soon!! :D
i hate you
SEND MO NEY....LOT'S OF MO NEY  Roflmao 
I know  I really wanted to go to the show  but I gotta be responsible. I was in class w/all the idiots. I hate them all!
are you off bitch? I want BM it's my best friend! Damn it....hey don't forget FullMoon Getogether tonight
I loved the band name: Gay Biker Nuns on Acid  Doesn't exist  but we had a kid in high school convinced it was a punk band.
idk if i am really
I went and saw a movie an ate fat food instead of crunches it sounded like more fun
If you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?
I saw forest gump once and that was enough. Replacing a retard in with an old man does not constitute a new feature.
would be at least 4gb at a guess. I ain't using it ATM  if you don't leech ur ass off you're welcome to lend it
a couple. i really only like beer haha :P and not hard liqour
Wow  that sucks  work at home day?    I couldn't agree more  good day to be under the covers  relaxing.
I hate chex mix. Almost paletable if you add bacon to it. Merry Christmas  and may there be bacon for everyone in 2009!
lmao  a grown ass man having brunch is even gaaaaayer!
you are a twitter/last.fm whore! :P
ur a huge loser did u know that? lol
except for joe jonas the ass munch who broke up w/our tyler via phone..kinda like doing via text  what kind of a-hole does that?
that's killer. Wish it was even cool here. But it's been damn near 80 most of the week. No where near festive temps.
if you actually are a vicious ass koala bear  better to find out now than later. or else you might get confused.
a prissy bitch u r? Haha...i hope 2 hear the occurance that goes along with this statement.
stop hating on the tube...its this damn censorship thats pissing me off more
Dick Whittington's Lolcat: NICE SPACE TROUSRS  BOSS #twitpanto
Do you prefer to be blissfully unaware? Or know what going on though it may hurt to know?
If you could  would you kiss the last person you texted? Is this person just a friend or something more? Do you like it that way?
Hahaha! Wait wht kind of drink! LOL well JackInTheBox is like not evn a mile away frmh my house! So there! i guess thts wht ur askin lmao! XP
checked out the link. Holy ass...i think that fairy had seen that vid a million times cuz he was damn close! LOL
I'm 19 mins and 13 secs away from molly wopping her ass!
damn it I havent been sleep :(
hate you both!!
I hate when you get stuck out in the cold wearing cons.
When was the last time you went to the beach? Where did you go?
ugh... and I'm still up writing this damn article. Think if its in his email in the am he won't notice the date and time stamp?
damn.
lmao i no hahahahahhahahahahahaha thats what im sayin
lol yeah  I coulda told you that cuz I'm a big fucking dorkass about that movie as wel all very well know :) I actually had a dream
No I don't get it. I'm sorry I must live in before the fucking ice age. :]
iLY LEXiS_(:
Nuno Bettencourt ftw. Damn!
i hate people sometimes-today is one of those more than usual days
yeah its really hard to when i get this shit like every ither day like it seriously pisses me off now  if it was like yesturday i wouldnt give 2 fucks but with everything im going thru right now its like wtf.
oops but you're forgiven. Hope they win. I Never had a good exp. with a shelter  they hate us military types. Glad you did though!
you said fuck everyone!
In order to survive 3 more days you need a small meal. There is nothing with you except your pet monkey... Do you fry up some monkey?
can I have some?  pizza in NC sucks :)
oh man that sucks!! LOL
Hahaha Bitch i bring it lmao! Kinda i think lmao! I hve some black in me so yes haha
nice. I have a fucking pink couch in my room lol
hehehe. mine pleasure. Btw I too so loves it  when people be presumptous pricksy wicksies! feel jolly nice for me ass to rub on.
hahaha i don't hate german  just a couple of germans. Guten morgen!
sucks 2 b washed up.. gangstas paradise was the shit
I should brush my bangs over my eyes and join you in emo grief.
GoW2 is really your game of the year? Damn.. Mine is Left 4 Dead without a doubt.
What was the worst concert you went to?
LOL- I know how much u hate traffic- just know it was 10 times worse last night :)
you can do video after jailbreak. But still it's not a patch on the n95 camera. I really hate the iPhone cam.No settings at all!
the nicest thing someone has ever done for would probaly be  when sam my sister just told me for no reason that i was a really good person and stuff
which keyboard do u hate? I hate iPhone keyboard. Yes touchscreen is cool but I WISH I had actual buttons 2 push! Less typo's
OMG  fucking awesome!
because theyre priorities in life are to live and be happy with those around them. not what they have and their neighbor may have more than them....theres a lot more to life than material. plus they dont know any different to them that is life.
sweet. I'm too chicken to read it cuz I hate  spoilers ';)
Yes. With my sister. haha we went night swimming in our pool in our backyard. Just so we could answer this question. ;]
damn  i'm trying to watch a movie...the tweets are going off the huck. :P lol just kidding  don't get pissed alright? ?:D:D:Dlololol
I love New HAmpshire well the white Mounts.I'm from Maine and I know I hate cold also hence why I moved to Fla.
u in a good mood souljaboy why u in a good mood oh n i luv ur new song 'damn  like it hit   me bac
reaction. its weird but  i love it haha
mr. taylor 7th grade english
My pussy is still sadly missing.  *blinks*  Do you think this will affect my popularity.  *evil grin*
They probably karted all over you...Kats are knwon to do that.   :D All hate mail goes to...
Have you broken any bones?  If so  how?
kroger babay. its soooo better than walmart.
ripping off Emo Phillips + ba-dum-bum jokes wouldn't get my vote even if i was the web-voter type.
Fuck!  That just reminded me that I forgot to bring back the bagels from my grandma's!
I have no idea why I live here. It sucks in the winter.
Man that sucks.Sorry to hear hope all goes well
I do but it sucks at scrabble.
I HATE that. I have a rhomboid  almost triangular 'washcloth' from learning bark sedge stitch. I use it to scrub the bathroom.
LOOOOOOL HATE!!!!!!
 And I said I was going to SLAP your ugly ass anyhow. awwwwww  what are you going to do  call t ... 
i kicked ur ass on balloono A.K.A the bommer man thing i was lameguestbunch of numbers
Holy shit just looking at that list pisses me off. Why the fuck are the Jonas Brothers on there?
I will super hero my ass out there and blow the tire up myself!!!
guess who made a fucking surprise in my dreams last night you butthead!!! thanks to you Martha Stewert loves my dreams! baaah
Yeah  she did this huge ass rant to me about how i'm going to die alone and how i'm going to regret ever breaking up with her.
ya i know cuz i am letting you know who this is. r my name is Tatum Not krista
If I could fly  I would've gone to __________.
would you fuck shaun diviney? answer honestly!
hmm..i dont think i would haunt. I would be like Casper the friendly ghost. :) and want to make people friends and have fun all the time :)
haha someone told me katie (? was a bitch so I was like ehh. Death cab  JACKS MANNEQUIN FGHSDJ 3 hehe
congrats on the Entrepreneur.com plug for Your Pitch Sucks  
Hahaha  Testosterone Man!!!  I met Mega Bitch Soccer Mom the other day. She took the time to stop  honk her horn   flip me off
Ernies on Thrusday nights. Best fucking Margaritas in the valley
Sometimes :]
slap a bitch? What you want to do is CHOKE A BITCH like Wayne Brady!
the only show more thug is the nigga who be in the woods eating beetles and drinking his piss! that niggas GANGSTA!
SaulRand I that group  I LOVE that group. Damn 140 character limit! LOL
One time I said  cunt  and all hell broke loose via DM. you'd think I'd called bush a genius I got so much hate mail
 Yall the dick hit me in the eye all the way in NC. I think Im in love with a gay man!
what a fuck nugget.
I jokingly remarked to my man that I was an  internet whore   he thought it meant that I was a porn star. LOL He doesn't get it.
yeah those darn gay alarms at CVS.....
I get your tweets on my phone and my ass was just vibrating like crazy lmao
I like your  about  section on your blog  I feel like my nerd and sweetheart side clash and complement each other too!
Hmmm maybe but I hate my voice...
you should probably reattach your fucking ass for you have laughed it off.
it was in reference to his gay suit
I hate you.
no fucking lie  lol everywhere i go...twitter myspace i see you... you were on 1 of my homies page!
not that im aware
Ifeel like a nerd saying that  but its true. I've put down lawns  put in bushes  but they always die bcuz Ihave no connection
Damn man  that sucks. Do you think you'll ever get another cat?
WOOT!! 8 pounds is AWESOME! YES  you can! 1 pound at a time... I need to get my ass in gear ;)
HATE.YOU.SO.MUCH.
Damn if TJ doesn't like your music  it must really suck. This guy will cosign anything
What turns you on creatively  spiritually or emotionally?
HOLY SHIT. Fuck that band.
Haha nahh ive just fractured some thumbs bhut itz all good lol
haha no gay stuff is good! cuz i tend to be attracted to females! haha jus chillen getting ready for work!
Like... ON  you? Cause if so  we SOOO have a deal. Always wanted to eat BBQ off a woman's ass... ;-)
*looks at who is following me on twitter then remembers i dont care* OMG such a fag.
I would only fuck you if I was drunk... lulz.
nahhh.
What a cunt!
Would you rather take the picture or be in the picture?
lol. I know  she's a mess. But ya ass was not getting up.
ignorance is reallly annoying. im guessing your meaning my anger? soo yeah i cant stand rudness. its not necessary and I can totally rip a persons head for trying to degrade another. It drives me crazzzy :0 haha
Seriously? WTF?! Who can pass on hugs and kisses?! Not I  That's for damn sure!
i have never riden on a plane. i know i need to!
boyy dnt get hurt
dry erase.
he won't wanna pet the guinea pig?
I brought Prussia back  bitch.
Haha(; Thts how I do !:p
hate it all you want but its a hit record. And Jumpin Out the Window is by Ron Browz. I know its gotta be hot in NY.
Must've been.  Damn men cause that  don't they :D
me.
u32e1What impossible things did you believe today before breakfast?
your not FUCKING pretty  stop hating on grace and all these pretty girls  your just jealous. omg
oh lol gotcha... well i'm a fruit freak. i don't like melons  strawberries  the list goes on.. one day in heaven i'll like it all
work on this glorous sat. with this crazy ass shoppers
Hey... Stop twitting and post a damn blog!
If you had your own talk show  who would your first three guests be?
i live with my boyfriends family and i think that explains it enough
I don't unless Im really mad then I cry.
lets fucking go tonight... you know you want to! Or at least hang out. I fucking hate being alone sometimes too.
Who was your first celebrity crush?
well damn I hear ya.yea kill that now if u feel like it may be a even bigger probelm down the line.
Im having a open face turkey sand. Not healthy but damn good.
Just had a big ass waffle breakfast and am catching up on games from 08
damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
go fuck yourself.
You're Lame As Fuck 
Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
wow you're a fucking fake. if you're tired of everyone talking shit on you formspring  either stop talking shit to them first  or delete the damn thing. gosh  you're fucking retarded. I forgot how stupid people are these days  and that would be you.
Im glad to meet someone with similar FREAK gifts to me.  haha
lmao damn! thats all I can muster...
Well  what kind of card did you expect from the  Best Looking Gay Guy at the Office 
heyyyyyy!!! how u doin!!!!!
Nope. I fell on my ass on the way home.
that would have ended the year off perfect. Or someone punching him in his fucking mouth!
Now I have to try my best to get my ass blocked by  
damn it.
hahah that'd be awesome.  aaron is the hugest douche ever.  does anyone else hate the way serena talks?  and dresses?
ooo tht sucks...happens to me all the time when I drink 5 hrs...
fat guys are immoral  there should be a proposition to keep them from marrying  VOTE YES
fuck yes
damn! Ok look  make the stripper pole look like a knitting needle and impale a stripper granny on it. That's the only way.
My bedroom door.
lmaooo he's horrid..but the WORST thing about him is  he's actually a smart ass dude..I don't get him at all..
And I HATE gangsters 
why are you so gay
that SUCKS.
His ass needs to be put on blast so now his wife can see wtf he's doing.
hahahah idk.
Always wear your seat belt?
dude  fucking seriously  you watched hella  now pay or wait an hour. bull shit. I want Stage 6 back!
Dude  oh no U didnt! I got 4 DM's within 4 minutes of me saying  ass ... imagine what would happen if I said  fuck ... oh crap!
 complain about FS and the limitations they're making here  you have to make a whole new separate account to do it.
neck
Oh man...that sucks!
damn. you're taking off tomorrow? you must be sad to leave. sounds like a pretty busy week and a half tho  you hardly twittered!
HAHA that SUCKS! i'd be sooo pissed. i think i found my glory zone where to shoot  though  so i might get 300 tonight  lol.
damn that caller ID
being bored enough to get on formspring hahha jk. listening to nagging. i hate nagging.
You are a Linux whore!
Have you tried 'fuck' and 'Fuck'? yes  they are different
HATE.YOU.SO.MUCH.
I hate you so much right now. 
Im glad to meet someone with similar FREAK gifts to me.  haha
It sucks :(
hell yea but the midget in the cowboy suit it that homey from jack ass?
must be a crappy movie if you're on Twitter! I'm working. I hate my life. lol
I don't hate you all the time. Just sometimes. Not enough to unfollow and block you. lol
it contains 610 calories  330 from fat...
That sucks ...
Yes! the shower scene is what totally sold me! LOVE it! Hate to say it but I kinda like his body too.
Who's the most talented person you know?
/emo damn you.
YOU KNOW IT BITCH. :D
AH! i was too! I hated that bitch. I want Bob or Sugar to win:)
hate it all you want but its a hit record. And Jumpin Out the Window is by Ron Browz. I know its gotta be hot in NY.
Describe yourself in a single sentence
dude.. I just think the twinke or whateva you call it... It damn cool.. LOL
It's got a core of uranium  some damn thing  I don't know. Gets up there like Sputnik.
TOTAL DICK. Cell phone
Alors NERD s'tait bien  vous avez du tre folles pendant lapdance XD  SAMEDIIII 3
Gypsy bitch!!!!!
damn right it should be  horrible stuff YUK!
Your beauty surrounds me. Your the most gorgeous girl I ever fall in love with<3 I'm afraid to tell you who I am  because I know you don't feel the same anymore...
Ur gunna get jumped. U stupid bitch.
You are inspirational and gorgeous  however I meant the dumb ass who dumped me to F around with his sleazy white trash LOL
how fucking sad is the OVA of Samurai X...i didn't want to watch that.. fuck i almost cried.. lol :P jk
you're not a twitter slut until you show us full frontal nudity... so until then you're just a tease =P
i second that. i hate banks
yea
hahahahahahahahahaha........................ :)
Amen.  Thrilled to see Brad Sucks on Rock Band 2. Congrats man  I hope you get some of those 80 MS Points.  FTW!
   HE'S FUCKING HIMSELF!
WHATTTTT O________O omg.....nahhhh i hate roller coaster and im extremely scared by this shoot......
to get fat?
hahah  ass :P hehe
fuck u asshole we aint even watchin the game shyt we slda goten closer so i cn c betr.how r those cheerleaders 4 ya
damn iPhone keyboard. I find it astonishing that even in this era of social networking you can still be alone on a crowd
A COMMUNIST FUCKING DICTATORSHIP! Fuck Che Guevara. And all the t-shirts with him on them and those that wear them.
never
MOD_ELLA IS A FUCKING CUNT
Whatever... I just hate how the popularity of bands seems to inversely affect how much people are allowed to like them
I need to write a blog post about how much I hate DM's. Off to do that  be back in a second.
Srsly  I hate it.
fuck! is this guy the new jesus? i just don't get it.
unpredictable.
haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
Fuck that shit. I told people...  DON'T MAKE THAT ACCOUNT!  and someone had to do it. Fuck that shit.
I totally forgot Affliction!!!' fuck outta here!! I got ur tribal tattoo right here!!!!!!!!
okay. Fuck me. Way to start the new year.
-- damn fool. you're a 247 workhorse!
Nerd alert!
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t! Damn where all the white women at! Come on! Hahaha so is that why celebs  crossover  when they make it
A BAMF is a bad-ass mother f*cker.
gotta ask cait but want to come over for dinner? I'll cook. I'm not blood family but I'd hate for you guys to have a lonely ch ...
Are you so in love with yourself?
...fuck jared leto. i forgot it was his bday. 25th HIS BIRTH 26th MY BIRTH ECHELON THROUGH THE BACK DOOOOR.
damn straight you do
I hate  Rag and Bone  so much.
lmao
why are you soo fat :L
Hell yeaaa how'd youu knoww?
SON OF A .... bitch! hahahahahahaha
I was belting out songs from  Fiddler On The Roof  and  Rocky Horror Picture Show   I might have been a gay  Jewish man?
katrinaneufeld Does a French whore smell better or worse than ur down home Blackstone variety?
hate to tell you but it only gets worse  we're at 1440 in the UK and all my office wants to jump out the window!
Ugh  twitter stop it  you fucking slut.
someones eye fucking is about to be cut to a minimal *snicker*
nope
Yeah  I met them at their show :) Got a free shirt too.
when you feel like you accomplished things you wanted to do and had the time of your life
Don't ya just hate it when work gets in the way of eating?
I've asked him for a sentence about him for ages :-) The whole about section on .org sucks and needs a refresh
I would if i could  but i cant :(
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
I hate being behind those slow as plows. In a storm  it's nice to be on the plowed road  but I hate going that slow. Ugh.
Do you think we will always find a reason to go to war?
******************MEOWWW*************************
I thought their single wasn't that good. That's too bad it all sucks. But I haven't played out their old stuff too much.
I laughed so hard when I first heard because my gay husband good friend  lol says code 3 when he has an emergency
rogue. I hate you and your ability to spell correctly. though some of them were red  but they were communist. not rouge.
hahaha. once years ago when he was sleeping I applied some to his lips. I hate it when guys hve better lips 4 lipstick than me
damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t! Damn where all the white women at! Come on! Hahaha so is that why celebs  crossover  when they make it
what's your favorite tv show?
don't get too fat or you'll turn into a boomer
fuck yeah!!
Both 
nope. i love to claim it :)
I am going to be off here for a few days cause of family and other reasons. Leave me stuff. I will return it. Once again if you don't want to be spammed just TELL ME. Thanks.
Ooh  You mean Whooty's   Wht grls w/ bootys  LOL! my lil bro put me on to that corny ass saying.
where'd ya put it? o btw:  kick ass quote Copyright 2009  All Rights Reserved 
i miss you too   i cant believe ur going to north!!
don't hate on ghajini. It was an awesome movie.
so i just hadda say this
it's one thing if it's my friends using it on me  but I hate when 23 year olds message me on OKC and call me that or Older woman
Wow  that sucks!
kk
hahahahahahaah thanks spency :DDDDD <3 you
I hate when it happens to people that are nice. They don't deserve embarassment of that sort.
 Jingle fucking Bells  How is Christmas next wk?  Where does the time go?
im pretty fucking skilled then :D
I'm just gonna start the emo kids who pretend-to-cut themselves clique. I can be found in the library playing WoW if you need me.
Dude this Breeze....I really wanna shove my boot up her ass. Or push her down the stairs on  accident. 
Thats pretty damn awesome! Very smart :)  Sure!
So you were a geek and gay at a very young age ;)
I nominate  cuz he's thee Best Damn Troll we gots!! ;))
I hate you so much you stupid New York... douche. bagel.
have you ever gotten stitches?
Hows The RAM? 250  360  360gb's Damn Dude.i only have 160gb :(
Yodda
Be ready? Well damn. Yes sir  I will be ready!
I'd die first. Damn fareway.
I NEED A DAMN IRONMAN IM GONNA CRY!!!!
you should totally go. And be all weird and crazy and freak the guy out
how many of you like twilight series?
UNNNGGGG if he used that fucking word i'm never saying Epic Fail ever again..ooo i'd like to give him a sock in th..NEVERMIND!!
i will but now the only problem is im realllyyyy not looking forward to seeing some gay show
I hate my life haha
the worst is looking and touching the clothes and having to drag my ass out of the shop. f***. not easy.
SaulRand I that group  I LOVE that group. Damn 140 character limit! LOL
What would you do if the cops busted in your door?
You can cast any actor now alive to play you in a film about your life. Whom would you cast in the role?
posted the fat man version to the beyonce song.
currently i like the frequency 94.9
if you had the opportunity to be in a movie with any actor/actress who would it be?
damn lisa ..your ribs sound soooooo goooood!!  I'll have to try marinating them next time.
Love or Hate?
Not talking about incident but more so the attitude that I'm gonna bitch  make a comp do something on a subjective matter.
i wish dick cheney was gay cause then he would ve shot more ppl in the face
well that just sucks no matter how you look at it! Try  have a good day..
1 i can't stop laughing at how's the meows sound like cat o-face screams. 2 ugh  so bummed i missed out. another gay? (:
oh man  I'm having a nerd heart attack
I really like Brad Sucks.  Not to mention he's a sweetie.
hmm didnt even know they existed...no wonder i feel like a complete retard when i cut stuff with a scissor
whos your favoroute band?r A: ITS SHORT STACK OMG!!!r is it really?r YES!!! no really tell me?
I never watch those show or even read the lists because they invariably piss me off.
damn -- 
Also entered the contest  Whore-ay!
do you like adtf
I hate when that happens!
Have you ever dreamt about something more than once?
my dad started all this bullshit with my fam. He's such a fucking dumbass.
dat bitch left u lol
he's like a curse r he's like a drug r you'll get addicted to his lover you wanna get out but he's holdin you down r r sing it babe!!! :)
because secretly  you hate yourself.  ^^
bitch better save me one!
Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
Haha (: whatever that is
besides english what other languages can you speak?
You're still alive? Well  damn  I just lost a bet.
i hate that so much
Wrote a song about it. Like hear it  here it go:  Duck bitch Duck-I throw my left shoe out-Duck bitch Duck 
i hate sewing. Period.
*hugs*  fuck em.  Listen to ur Ipod   dont let da man get ya down.  :)
i'd say honesty
hate. you.
would be at least 4gb at a guess. I ain't using it ATM  if you don't leech ur ass off you're welcome to lend it
damn.  did you buy bitchy too?
What would you like to have named after you?
Yes. Its weird sometimes. But dreams are weird. haha
I hate that  just finished round 4 of rough revisions for a client... can't they just be clear and concise at the get go?
 damn you...
then ur game sucks. no crue  not buying it.
Fuck you and your snow! Or  bring some of it down here? ;)
ah shit that sucks!
What is your favorite outfit yu own 
where'd ya put it? o btw:  kick ass quote Copyright 2009  All Rights Reserved 
yeah it sucks i know  she was one spankin hot mofo
happiness. always.
Your into Pryce?
~ wholeheartedly agree that NYE music entertainment sucks!
i hate how it never snows there... and you live IN CANADA! do you want some of ours? I hate snow.
u can scroll my page. thanks.
Damn if TJ doesn't like your music  it must really suck. This guy will cosign anything
they stole my slogan!!! I hate them for that!
i lovee joiee<3
I don't care about his fucking kids.....I want JP's kids head on a plate.
nahhh
even though I was at the same lunch as you  we missed you at our end of the table! Need a damn smart phone! Coulda tweeted back.
u stll up drinking bitch?
the fuck shit is this? people died for less. lol
next period theres another note and this one says will you be my Girlfriend?
hey you know wat wud b funny? to find out who started tht lil cheap ass lie tht if u roll ur eyez they'll get stuck like tht! rndm
yes i have before.
I saw forest gump once and that was enough. Replacing a retard in with an old man does not constitute a new feature.
it's the season for it....damn u satan
... this is so post gay  it hurts .... NSFW! 
DM. damn.
Hahahahhaahhaha:D ikrr im a slow american wht more can i say lmfaoo!! hahaha <333 Aww! hahaha
 If they would have cremated that son bitch I'd be tale grabbing his ass right now 
nerd glasses lol mine are sexyer
You guys have funny answers :] Do you read peoples answers to your questions like i do? :D
Hahaha well then i can't fight you canI? and if you don't mind me asking  why do you dislike her?
that sucks  who?
No
How has 2010 been for you
Bright room or dark room?
it's one thing if it's my friends using it on me  but I hate when 23 year olds message me on OKC and call me that or Older woman
damn bro  best of luck.
Connection interrupted. God damn.
What are your plans for the weekend? I'm going to Miami :] <3.
I wonder if there are any sparkling vampires in the vincinity. XD OH EDWARD!!! I really hate Twilight  lol.
SuperShuttle sucks  PrimeTime Shuttle sucks: LAX is the only airport where the parking is worth the cost
looks like twhirl's got whale-itis. i am unable to log in from my office mac too.
i miss youuu <3
lay in bed with my boyfriend :]
DAMN tootin'? Seriously? I've heard DARN tootin' and even DERN tootin'  but not DAMN tootin'! you kicked it up a notch.
ExpLOrE tHe WOrlD   :D
dont hate too hard!  it hasn't been very warm here lately!
Can't hear that blip  still in this damn line. BTW  if Malicious isn't already taken  let's start a band.
Well I hate your phone. BAM!
damn I wish it was 1 here so my day would almost be over; btw that Wiley track is my fucking anthem...good looks
Kick. Ass. That sounds so much an incredible experience :-)
Beachhh 
damn pilots use autotune too!!!! This shit has gotten out of hand LOL
no
like twice a month
Take Ur ass home
No thanks. I don't want cable. I hate most TV shows. I really hate commercials. I get my news online. I'm good. :)
listen to u...who's the FREAK now? LOL
i SENT it!!!!!!!! u'll prob get it in like a billion years since cingular SUCKS!!!!
damn man on sum real shyt...u scarin me...my city got deaths..but damn...disz aint even koo
y'all are so fucking classy. miss you!
well that sucks  I might be in LA at the end of this month! :(
aww that sucks :( I hate hiccups  and that whole  scaring yourself is the cure  crap never works for me.
yo i can kick yall ass for that synth in the begining..GOOD SHIT!!!
I like to look at it as  meeting their needs  not necessarily  kissing ass ... although if you can do both  do!
that sucks that you're sick. Sorry to hear that.
i fuck wit u.  u got skillz homie.
That looks nasty...ice sucks.
when you feel like you accomplished things you wanted to do and had the time of your life
yeah  damn worthless cardio!  
(; hehe that's funny I want to fuck your tight ass
I did ur mom last night? Naww I don't like old fat white bitches! 
That depends on if you are dealing with a pain slut or not.
P33T WIFF HIS BIG GAY TEEFS!!! BRYCE FROM TRS AND HIM SHOULD HAVE BABIES AND THEY'D HAVE AMASING TEEFS
kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
WTF are you talking about Men? No men thats not a menage  that's just gay.
Nahhhh they're kinda neat to watch.
The pig of shame? Lol! Is that like the aardvark of discontent?
yeah. It's ugly! And their rebounding sucks!
repeat
fuck you
Depends. Will you sit there and hate yourself? ;) Would you be able to do a half day?
but worth the cost and pain in the ass when you see all your boston pals... right?
mine are about 20min
Besides  the chick who's starting shit won't back it up and isn't even saying who SHE is.
that sucks  who?
no. i must have missed that one. damn. ;-)
goddamn it kj...fuck you 49 times 
coincidence my ass... LOL... But it's a good suggestion so it'll go in the hat... Singapore would be interesting. 5 more...
I guess everything's alright but I hate this still.
hahah yeah yeah :)
I think Bangladesh did  What's Your Fantasy   and fuck what   anyone says  that song is a JAM...can't front on it...
hahaha okay
Wow  that's bad-ass. You're like Stanley now. Well  even more so...
Do you have a favorite Beatles song?
i hear ya. iPods can get annoying with that damn clicking noise!
I thought about how my mother fed me with a tiny spoon and fork  so I wonder what Chinese mothers use? Toothpicks?
Spontaneity or stability?
hour meetings foe a job you're failing at  because you hate it  your bentley that you don't even drive cuz gas is so expensive  in
That was meant to look more lighthearted than it did  btw. Add lol or :) to it. I hate that my type always looks so bitchy
-Hellz yeahh(: of course i'm qoinqq i wannah b with you quy's  like duhh<3
fort polk  louisiana. in the united states. it was a military base.
Somewhere in my own land  living off of what I can do and grow and live. be self sustainable and not apart of society.
Merry fucking Xmas to you too!
damn man kn frnd e
Pink Roses!(:
What's ur favorite type a cheeeeeeeese?
I luhh u already! I dha grl dat wanna give u becky and sex
losing winter insulation is one of the horrific side effects of Biggest Loser that nobody warns you about. It's brutal!
katrinaneufeld Does a French whore smell better or worse than ur down home Blackstone variety?
What is the last film you saw?
he's gay like u lmao. And the rest of the guys are alergic to fruits. *wink* lmao.
Glad you had a great time. Can't wait to see all the pics on FB  Flickr  etc. Hate to have been out of town and missed it
Maybe  I would have to stare at your face for awhile while I do it  that would be gay..and weird...and creepy...sort of
Hahaha!!! Ohh cool wait are yuh thee april on twitter?! april2? haha yay! We beasts yo! haa
if you tweet about that damn song one more time.... And its on the Scion double disc promo cd
In order to survive 3 more days you need a small meal. There is nothing with you except your pet monkey... Do you fry up some monkey?
it's stupid for me to be upset over  really. fuck.
Where's Fat Philly's?
damn  I'm moving south.  Cleveland has it for 1.69/gal
Are yu shy when yu first meet people or are yu the one who always sparks up the conversation 
Anyways  I give a damn! If they are acting like snobs  I can't help it.
That's fine  I don't usually do the middle: too safe  boring and predictable. I do Love  So Love Me or Leave Me but don't hate :)
you have a female soulmate? i knew you were ghey  but you're gay too?
Damn I remember bein huddled five deep in front of a WinAmp browser in the West Towers Dying over this!!
Dont you hate when they fucken yell at you for not texting back? lol i do!!!
im not completely sure but i would probs have to say off air or here in ur arms.
y'all are so fucking classy. miss you!
r u retarded  :P jking
damn dude  we just missed each other in phoenix
you were right  the uv filter that came with that kit sucks. freakin glare spots all over my shots
Thanks! I'm not familiar w/ the  nerd heard  language. You should add #NH  so I can say #WUW #NH  
oh man that sucks. I'm sorry. Sucks to live with people who are dirty..trust me  I can relate.
 You guys are in the same fucking house and using twitter to talk.
I send you a hug ma. That sucks! 08 was full of some fuck shit  I'll say that.
I hate you
ass get out its ur last day damn it!
no not right now but im on a damn roll
RT Fat Bastard my beagle is writing his  tail-all  confessional diary about online dating...
well clean the damn floor!
ahahah ndd ii lovee mee alott off myy lil floricell(: <33
Do you enjoy going shopping? If so what type of things do you enjoy buying?
would be at least 4gb at a guess. I ain't using it ATM  if you don't leech ur ass off you're welcome to lend it
Oh no. I hate that!
aw that sucks.
 I always hated when people bought practical things like carpet or knife set. BUY THE FUCKING DALMATIAN PEOPLE!
 hahaha .. you're silly! but dayum it's 10:22AM and i'm still kinda limping from my hip hurting THAT badly .. it sucks!
I can't help that you keep looking for gay midget porn on YT. The volume is too loud for you but I like blaring my Celine Deon.
oh  you'll get used to it.  Just learn to type less.   elmn8 vwls u dnt need.  Oh god  I feel like AIM whore...
LMAO!! I seen that  that dude was mad angry... then got his ass beat
hey why dont you go kill yourself alot of ppl would be really happy :)
Tell them you want YouTube to quit fucking with things that no one wants fucked with.
a fat boy sweet talker?
Do you feel that children should be sheltered from unhappiness?
You know what you are? You're like a big bear with claws and with fangs... big fucking teeth  man.
Do you ever think of crazy things in you're head that probably wont happen?
If theres an exception to every rule  is there an exception to that rule?
I hate giving little kids antibiotics...10 days 2 a day and important they get it all down...impossible!
wow really? cuz people like making cool songs about bridges
uhmm bestie... y dnt u evr get da braces?? ya teeth are fcked up???
 Nnnaaaahhh...60th follower sucks  I want to be 61st!!  YAY me  I'm 61st!!!
No. I tend to feel a self-importance but it's certianly not fake. I don't believe so :]
I fukin called ya white pussy gammon ass like 2times smh...I juss got ofa work now...ima head by u
why do we yawn when we see other people yawning?
ha! sucks for u!!
Sounds like good times. I'm in the office until 7:00 and then I'll probably go for a run. I'm a fat boy getting fatter.
Thanks.  We're delayed about 12 hours  damn cargo! Animal skins and scrap metal  I think  so I'm heading up there early Tues.
fuck that...I can fly to Milwaukee to free. If u got a car i need no other plan...ALPINE HERE WE COME!!! Both shows...
oddest.. umm the driveway. haha i like to layout with out straps! ;)
Any special reason for the hate?
Yes. :)
how did you meet dad BITCH!
I hate to harsh your buzz  but every game on the iPhone can roll the bones by shaking. Do not pass go  do not collect my $7.99
And why are you trying to give me advice.?
eu inca ma intreb cum de mi-a fost pusa intrebarea  in primul rand... :|
I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #down-ass-bitches because she totally is one.
bojangles? damn you! so jealous.
I have noticed that NY is trying to slim down myself.  aren't they posting all fat grams of all food?
Hmm. Celebrity? Idk. Ummmm perhaps  Jennifer anniston Because she's always trying to do something with the earth and helping others.
Dam Right. Fuck em
september 7th
thats what i am saying...they need to pay me.thats m*ttaf*cking free promotion. ungrateful ass people.
maybe it has something 2 do w/ the unemployment increase. that sucks.
holy shit I'm not even taking that class  and I hate it 
maybe he just has a dig cock to match the free weaponry he got to attack the defenceless...oops I mean 'defend' his country
Let your hate for Gambit grow. Embrace it. Spread it.
 I always hated when people bought practical things like carpet or knife set. BUY THE FUCKING DALMATIAN PEOPLE!
another downside to living in DSM but working in Indianola:  lunch meetups are usually not possible. :( damn isolation!!!
just turned it on. missed part one... damn. so great anyways.
does anyone sang you a song on public? if so  describe he did it
 they hurt TAT;; I hate going to the doctors...
damn it i totally forgot that one!
What was name of your first pet and why did you give it that name.
I wanna play spin the bottle lol Have you played it? When was the last time? Mine was when i was 20 :)
LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
She says i have gubgivits? teeth thingies and she stole more blood. every six months with the blood stealing it sucks.
nope igO TO lakez
Not talking about incident but more so the attitude that I'm gonna bitch  make a comp do something on a subjective matter.
Haha  i knowww.r i was kiiddding!
i hate you.
about kickin' some canadian ass?
What were you doing the last time you really had a good laugh?
closing now. some gay xmas thing
you said fuck everyone!
I don't know about that... Drew's ass is pretty tiny.  :)  Knees work too... except Drew's knees don't work...
i didnt call in gay either. but my company donated 100 g's to support No on prop 8. ::shrug:: squaresies  i guess.
--- that shit right there fool ... is FUCKING TIGHT!!!! --- 
Oh  that sucks!
Has anyone told you a secret this week?
aw dammit  I meant to call  a lame-duck Scotsman. Thanks for fixing my lame-ass miss of a joke!
tanks for the rply have fun and a smack on your ass!!!
fuck u BIATCH!!!
you got a myspace
ur a huge loser did u know that? lol
You won't miss much.  Her husband is cheating  she's pregnant  he's an ax murderer  her son is gay. That's pretty much the soaps
what is nature tripping? like hiking??
What lip did u get pierced O.o?? ;)
suntem dar ne gandem cum sa gasim o mascota care sa o putem scoate din dulap cand vrem sa acuzam pe cineva pt nenorocul nostru
I heard it sucks... What do you think so far?
You have a beautiful smile and a great set!
What was the question?
hola! Orli ... we are www.LuckyStartups.com looking to interview some kick ass peeps in Israel... you up to it?
i have a headache too... hate having head aches...
1 year and 3 months
FUCK YOU!!!!! I'M DIVORCING UR FUCKING ASS!!!!! HMP!!!
Damn girl ... Your house was dirty.
it is our wedding anniversary today.  He got me NOTHING. Not even a damn card. So he should go and get me donuts!  LOL
that sucks... she should prolly just change her major lol
that sucks  sports for women in India is a myth. My sisters are national level football players and they think so too
yeshhh
WOW!!!!  you went in on that man and used your name lmao damn you a  G 
We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
lol the fuck what concert was that
I meant ready 2 fuck:) lol Hope u have something wild and freaky in mind. I'm bored :)
stop saying you hate gwen! Youposted earlier saying you love her! Ur hot then ur cold ur yes then ur nooooo
i REALLY hate you
 Alice don't believe anything this kid says !!! I hate him  but only cause I love him so much..*sigh*
she took $60 from me  $50 from my sis 2 separate nights.  She says her stuff was jacked too.  Don't buy it. Betrayal sucks.
Yea it sucks!!
Time's running out for them.  The Cboys will pull it off.  Looks damn cold.
BAHAHAhAHA....took you longer enough;p......GEES GIRL hahah...no its totally okay:) i just wanted to play guess who i am hahaha..i fuckinggg love you too;) <3
goddamn it kj...fuck you 49 times 
Would you ever want to swim with sharks?
dang...i need to stop eatting cheese. Damn you kraft!
lol! hey  stop being modest.  you OFTEN are a hot bitch.  :)
biiiiiishop!  fuck u want?  yo ass punk...
Mine  I seem to fuck it up all the time. I'm off ~30 bucks. I'll leave it that way for 2-3 months and finally put an entry cont
I have many! 2many actually bhut i guess when i found my lifetime friends ;D
you'll get through it and win in the end. FUCK THAT SHIT IN THE FACE as ange sez!
hahahahaha no you wont i know u wont lol he just wants to kow just tell him
yeah. Good one. U really gotta wonder what kind of freak doesn't use their own picture;) Lol
its fucking terrible my friend and I left
ps...ur cute...ur good looking  your funny  your a dick  your an ass  your cynical. I LOVE IT!
Long enough to know you're an ass! You could see that jellyfish shit coming though..
ha! Probably Lee. That bitch fights dirty! You can totally tell. Look at those shorts!
I fuck wit the lows if there dope...but I know y'all got me fam I ain't trippin
Juss krista as usual..
If you were abducted by aliens  would you tell anybody? Why or why not?
calm the fuck down boo..lmao
I used to do the shopping but when my wife stopped worked a few years back she took over. It is just damn cold until April
yes sure am :)
Are you eating anything right now?
I wanna see her tall lanky ass playin tennis  lol
WATER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :]
Who owns one  I just fix 'em! Hate it when electricals go to Hades.
I suppose there's arrogance no matter where you go but I hate it from  chavs  most of all :S Oh and the jocks.
fuck rules. Stay there until they ask u to leave. Then just switch computers.
idk haha
It sucks :(
Thanksss :) who is this? :D
single!!!!!! gabe saporta has my heart at the moment  he is the lead singer of cobra starship if you didnt know
False.
Ohhh okay. I'll have to check it out then.
Aw  that sucks. *pats stamsgal's head*
evilbeet  do u not feel that when u watch jon  kate plus 8 its fucking  in ur face  and purely advertisements?
Where would you be able to spend hours and be happy?
Haha (: whatever that is
OMG your so MEAN .. really really mean +_+  i hate you .. hifftt
You are on a flight from Honolulu to Chicago non-stop. There is a fire in the back of the plane. You get enough time to make ONE phone call. Who would you call?
oh no!! that sucks!
hate you so much
Way to fuck up the dialogue.
my bleeping employment agency f***ed up my pay *again*. Didn't come on 24 Dec. Now have to wait until 2 Jan. I hate temping
I'm going to fucking Florida on Friday. FUCK THAT SHIT
I would only fuck you if I was drunk... lulz.
nothing says you love him more than wooly ass sweaters and gift certificates for beer!
It's dry with fruit tones. Used to HATE anything but Clicquot before I tried Korbel Natural...
Hmmm. he's an 
What's one food you'll never eat again?
Thats a hard 1    *thinkin* Maybe Bustin Jieber? I think! haha
so you said you were on your way like an hour ago  you only live like 15 min away..where youu be? ;D
SuperShuttle sucks  PrimeTime Shuttle sucks: LAX is the only airport where the parking is worth the cost
She makes me sick. She thinks she's cool and youthful cuz she watches that show. Phony bitch.
depends on the restaurants policies
Damn straight.
Is it better to get too much or too little sleep?
how often do you download songs you hear in commercials?
There are two types of people in the world: those using  lol  ironically  and those that are fucking twats who deserve to die.
I hate to say it  but I get  like  4 spams a month. Maybe. Not sure how I'm able to do it. And I've had that email since '05.
hahahahahah :) im replying to this  what about you?
no but i wanna
oh well arent you just the shiiit for hanging out with older people? get friends your own age  you dumb bitch.
Damn  I'm sitting here checking the score to my Fantasy Football playoffs as you tweet that. Like you meant that to me specifically.
Yeah  they seemed to have fixed most of the fail whale problems.
You clearly haven't seen the post-shoe interviews. The man is such a fucking narcissistic idiot. I didn't know hate til he was prez.
I don't feel bad. I'm working my ass trying to get some gifts this year  its been a while. Weather I succeed or not  I tried.
damn...wish I knew how to write script. I just did 9 and have 7 more to upgrade.
jealousy makes me hate you now hahaha
If you people really still think that Tabi's fake  go look at her dang MySpace. -.-
grown ass kid lol
we keep it utmost real. Now get ya ass to NY
P33T WIFF HIS BIG GAY TEEFS!!! BRYCE FROM TRS AND HIM SHOULD HAVE BABIES AND THEY'D HAVE AMASING TEEFS
If you could go only to one restaurant for the next five years  which would it be?
Oh  that sucks!
aw that sucks!
move over give me some of that hate monday
Haha  damn him indeed
I wish I had a Christmas vacation.  Damn Facbook and its holiday perks!
..........I hate SUVs. They're a great big ugly road hazard as far as I'm concerned. And very few people really NEED them.
Yeah  and T-Mobile Germany offers unlimited Worldwide calling to other T-Mobile phones. USA only offers Nationwide. Sucks.
Are you still sinqle.?
HAHA NOPE IM NOT TAQUISHA EITHER....i TALK TO YOU ALOT ON TWITTER;) <3
I'M SO SORRY IF YOU THINK MY TRACKSUIT IS GAY. VICTORY. VENGEANCE. FOR MY STONE CHAMBER AND MY SWORD. MY SWOOOOOOORD!1
Damn  you mean I could have been rescued last night? Well fuck.
if you're going to have to spend that much for a fucking pizza  at least go to mellow mushroom or somewhere not disgusting.
Wow! That sucks.
I DARE DAT ASS 2 SAY SUMTHAN ELSE STUPID U DA STUPID BITCH!
but seriously...  WHY THE HELL ARE YOU STILL ONLINE????  Were you injured in god damn 'NAM or something???  GO!!!
Wow! 15 degrees and no power!  Definitely sucks!
people talk about something you know they have no clue about.
hahaha thanks a ton. I laughed when I read it :]
yes
They're not my preference  but the app is so damn fast and thorough that I let it slide.
Go back to your pork fat radio!
get out of my fucking brain!  I am not yours!
Uhm.. Tilly's (:
hey why dont you go kill yourself alot of ppl would be really happy :)
kno I check ur blog out! Alpha females vs being a bitch.....damn u be analyzing!
hmm..exotic? i think florida doesn't count but that's about as exotic as your goin to get..haha
you have a female soulmate? i knew you were ghey  but you're gay too?
got it from you :)
dude so weird  i feel like good will stole one of my best friends too  Damn the man
if I ever fall alseep with them on  I wake up with the off. Hate them.
You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
Ernies on Thrusday nights. Best fucking Margaritas in the valley
haha hey
well then why did you bring it up?
you should totally go. And be all weird and crazy and freak the guy out
It is amazing! But  it kinda sucks when it makes you late for work  lol.
What was the worst concert you went to?
What was cured ham  cured of?
That's what sucks: I don't actually get to do it. I just had to prove I could plan it out. -KayCee
Yes... think about how many 32 oz cups of poison were sold this morning  2go with hearty breakfasts of fat  carbs.
ITS GROSS. AND NOT NEEDED. I HATE IT! LMFAOOO.
there's gonna be a nerd party in utah on new years!
i was up till 2 am messin wit toys and batteries.  now i got a lil t-rex making noise in my house.  Damn noisy toys.
did i jus get a reply from an emo asian!? CRAZY!
Now wait a second mr fanboy. You cant judge it without seeing it. You already think it sucks and its not even out.
fuck them!
damn man kobaa e ??? :O
Umm... Barack Obama 4 another 4 years! iLovehim!
people writing nice things about me and funny stuff lol :)
Me  too. Now I'm dragging my mature ass off to BED! G'night hawt girlie! Woot!
ew VVVVVVV
You are a Linux whore!
btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
P33T WIFF HIS BIG GAY TEEFS!!! BRYCE FROM TRS AND HIM SHOULD HAVE BABIES AND THEY'D HAVE AMASING TEEFS
What is the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning?
meeting friend for lunch/coffee. Getting hair cut although I hate that bit and my works do in the evening!
Heh. Fuck 'em WHERE?!?
heck  there are stupid ass  gurus  telling their little sheep to infiltrate twitter to maximize profits.. LOL
LOL  Well  my kids would say 35  any NORMAL person would say 50 ish.  I do hate getting older though
we are so silly and pathetic and so fucking cool! You tellin me you choking made me choke! And I am sitting next to some girl w ...
I don't blame you  don't worry  hes totally gay for Rodney
what's the worst drink ever?
I hate to point this out  but didn't you call Death Race awesome? DR will make my bottom 10 list w/o a doubt.
Like... ON  you? Cause if so  we SOOO have a deal. Always wanted to eat BBQ off a woman's ass... ;-)
booooooo! i have some hot- ass mushroom stock if you wanna come get it after work
fuck them!
True True... but... you're still a whore. BUT ITS OK! I am too. 3 Although  I don't think whores can have scruff.
Fuck you and your snow! Or  bring some of it down here? ;)
Damn fam... if I was  a hater I'd be jealous... lol
#NAME?
GET YOUR ASS BACK HOME
have you ever had a cub sandwich?
If you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?
fat guys are immoral  there should be a proposition to keep them from marrying  VOTE YES
I prefer 1st weekend of December for decorations going up. Hate shops selling Xmas stuff from end August. Late November better
Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
losing winter insulation is one of the horrific side effects of Biggest Loser that nobody warns you about. It's brutal!
the gays learned that choreography so damn quick..smh
i'm with you on the new yrs res! i'm 10lbs chubbier than i was 8 mos ago and i ALSO thought i was completely immune to fat! :(
Sorry i just thought of one more good question.........Would you break the law to save a loved one?
Nope
Have you ever hated that you loved someone? >.<
i hate when i miss mac chats! grrr
LOOK LIKE DAT GIRL OFF OF THATS SO RAVEN
idk
LOOOOOOL HATE!!!!!!
Ew. Those men.... Gemma! Have better taste! They're obviously gay.
ask him why he's jumping out of the window. And ask him hows he gonna do it in those tight ass jeans???
i lovee joiee<3
Damn  that sounds good...
Would you rather be as big as an elephant or as small as a mouse?
Scars on my face? Are you threatening me? I don't like liars  threats nor unexplained coincidences. Kindly fuck off!
I hate them. So much.
haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
idgaf
that sucks man...
fat guys are immoral  there should be a proposition to keep them from marrying  VOTE YES
Hmmm fruit!! :) any kind of fruit.
if you actually are a vicious ass koala bear  better to find out now than later. or else you might get confused.
I hate it when they do that :3
I wish I could punch you square in the face. that's how much I hate you right now.
jerk! troll! don't hate.
you smell like the insides of a beluga whale's forehead
how many friends do you have on facebook?
lmfao! bad ass!
Oh man...that sucks!
fuckk wee havee to muchh hatersss.!!<33 butt i lahh yhuu lexiii(: myy awesomestt step sisterr<3
all i heard for the last 2 hours was WHORE WHORE WHORE SLUT WHORE WHORE OH MY GOD WHORE WHORE
I LOVE Sudoku's :] Read  Paint  I think I would be just fine recovering :)
not really
BESTFRIEND <3
ugh  I KNOW -- there isn't one!! And I hate when I go into a post  and click it -- it just opens the jpg! YUCK!
I hate em..
everything but you. Everything but you sucks.
the boy i'm talking to is a ravens fan. every time he ends a text with  fucking bitches   i can assume that they're losing.
I'm 19 mins and 13 secs away from molly wopping her ass!
Oh I know. It doesn't hurt to have one of the richest woman in the world actually hate you. Elvis had the Memphis Mafia. Oprah...
no way. they REALLY hate you  don't they?!
you own a gun? remind me not to piss you off anymore.
Resistance kicks ass!!!!!!!!!!!1
The pig of shame? Lol! Is that like the aardvark of discontent?
ps...ur cute...ur good looking  your funny  your a dick  your an ass  your cynical. I LOVE IT!
i know fuck them
haha... so you want to be a twitter slut... alright  fine... i'll be waiting for the moment you mature from a tease to a slut!
ughh me too. And I worked for Estee Lauder throughout college and I still hate the cosmetic dept. I dont even have allergies either
can i get a good night  damn!
na just a bitch of a teacher!!!!
dude  that kind of sucks.
Others what?
yeah  im pissed. liek my body is tired  but my brain isnt  or is it the other way around? fuck idk anymore
yes i think so
I hate math really do!but will be happy as well when I finish university!
 run over my a Hyundai and ass raped by Clay Aiken.  I would so prefer it the other way around.
whelchers fuckin suck ass!
Haha! I'm glad someone else will admit to seeing multiple times clearly Gummo! I let someone borrow mine... lost. Damn.
LOOOOOOL HATE!!!!!!
hahahaha :) I'd say it was a little bird but i think it was one smart cookie
Aww. Thanks dear. And I hate my gradeschool friends for ditching me. They forgot about me when we are suppose to be at her wake.=(
It sucks but at least my car wasn't stolen. right? haha. just trying to be optimistic here.
if thats what he'd wanna do then im not doing something right. so no but that shouldnt be an issue
OMG that sucks! D:
:) omg thanks! :D
some squatter got it long ago. And you my friend are a dick ;)
Now THAT's an adventure that I will pass on. Oh damn  I do have to take a present back. NO!!
damn I tought I had a ton of email addies.
thats a lie.
If you could be on the cover of any magazine  which would you choose?
fuck yo couch! In yo face!
yeah in TX they'll shoot your ass  then ask Qs
I still think you should be prouder of the  Fuck fuck fuck!  but  Rock!  is pretty good. When will you be teaching her  FUCK YEAH 
This bad gay works for a company that likes to write people up for sneezing.
