I jerk all day my nigg! :DDD
No  but  Listening to Deathcab for Cutie while missing Burning man staff party...etc  would have been way emo.
Ordering Pizza Online??? Now thats some Fat Boy shyt!! :)
<3 i love you!!!!!!!!!!!! LDS
Do you have any weird habits?
Ill unfollow you if you wish just tell me thank you! :D
Ewwww  it's Christmas...hate is not allowed!
pig(s) !!! Wow  always thought you had plenty of space  but how many did you eat 
Get dressed! haha and then grab one of the three or four things i said and beat the living crap out of them haha
hey fag why you gotta ask the whole world!? j/k your awesome
Damn dude...
Wow! That sucks.
We've maybe had 1  total here across 3-4 different  snows  My first time with snow tires ever and I can't have any damn fun!
Would you have sex with a fat guy?!?!
Best thing that happened to you this summer? :]
big mistake. we gotta even it out. who da fuck else is in!
Anyone named kirby is a whore. It's one of the unspoken rules of life.
DO U NO ALIX'S SISTER HAS A CRUCH ON YOU
Me?? Hairy ass??? WTF?!?! I would laser that shit...
old ass nigga!
damn straight
So you were a geek and gay at a very young age ;)
If only Edward and Bella were slightly less emo :)
make love not war.  don't playa hate  congratulate.   sorry for the cheese. but its true.  be kinda kind.
follow :)
Put my towels back on the fckn rack! lol im 2 lazy 2 do it bhut it looks trashy when i keep it on tha floor.
damn son  if my google reader ain't full enough as is  between reading and writing it is a wonder how i get anything done...
Lol... damn... me too... o_O
safe travel tomorrow..back to reality--it sucks  I know..
O.O bingo is waaaaay to hard for me. hate it. i wanna fuck it..wait thats didnt come out right
this only makes me hate having a verizon contract even more.  erg.
dat bitch left u lol
If I could run OS X on a Toughbook  you're damn sure I'd get one today.
 I was there helping your ass pack to get on the plane. A tru friend  helping you track a sub sized weiner like fucking GPS
omg! that really sucks! anything serious?
Define a great life?
sadly i did have ideas stolen  more than once so now i'm a paranoid freak about it ... but I trust you  you like legos.
Mary?! lol hahahaha
yeah and its really cute that i filmed two weddings that need to be edited and I CANT because my uncle sucks hard.
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
sure  I could use a lil snow here. The people would freak out here. LOL
With the departure of the Sonics  I've adopted them as my squad. I still fuck w/ CP3 and the Hornets  but I gotta go Pacific NW.
2 weeks? how am I gonna live without money for 2 fucking weeks?
sure  I could use a lil snow here. The people would freak out here. LOL
that sucks  who?
Im so jealous. But I'll be eating that same rice pudding in 9 days. Enjoy the fuck out of your trip
if anyone's a loser  it's YOU.
Wow  that's bad-ass. You're like Stanley now. Well  even more so...
r u  Frances still talken?
I don't use the touchpad(I hate them) I always use a USB mouse. We are a toshiba family.. we have four
SHUT THE FUCK UP! What?! Why does Micky Rouke have ur #?
sadly true  mens lifestyle walks a fine line between britneys bits  and articles about pectoral development for gay guys...
damn you hater!  lol
H-A-T-E HATE HATE HATE! But why? Two game losing streak?
well. u have full permission to call me a bitch cuz for some reason. i might keep trying. i hate myself.
Man  fuck Alton-Darby.
are you just acting like a dick now?
I HATE that!
and most of them are ugly and fat..lol
It is? I have been cybershopping for everything this year. I hate going into the store. Amazon.com is my retailer of choice. ;-)
WHAT THE FUCK?! WHY?! Do they have fucking brains?!
damn  won't be going to that.
(If it were to save a life) Would you ever give mouth to mouth to a person with Herpes?
 Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
whelchers fuckin suck ass!
hahahaahha i  know  myspace.com/tabiisaninja
aw rats-i hate to hear that about my car
yes
awww damn yeah....that really sucks!
saw  Seven Pounds  today--some really fab covers on the soundtrack  which apparently can't be bought. hate that!
not to sound amazingly  astoundingly gay (not that that's bad) but you sound like a man in desperate need of a few pillow shams
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #design because...he designed the fail whale :-)
damn  you travel a lot! see you on monday at your hols party!
I heard it sucks... What do you think so far?
If only Edward and Bella were slightly less emo :)
what religion are you  if you are one?
what's the best part of your day?
I don't hate you all the time. Just sometimes. Not enough to unfollow and block you. lol
You're going to find a woman and tease her to make her have to cum silently at work?
I should brush my bangs over my eyes and join you in emo grief.
I might pass out. awful.i.hate.being.ill. hows Jane Eyre?
dont hate!
do you like atlanta  GA 
oh man that sucks. I'm sorry. Sucks to live with people who are dirty..trust me  I can relate.
Srsly  I hate it.
Do you remember  Dream On??  Dude got HELLA ass...on accident!!...kinda like I used to...LOL!
Alrightt
XoxoAshleyxo and I are okay now though. No more threats so your back up will not be needed.
oh that sucks  sorry about that.....at least u can get some work done now
Damn!! I was hoping you were giving me good news otherwise!
*shakes head   you for calling Kitty a pussy*  He's a BOY  you know! lol
attention whore.
yo I only peeped the last 30mins-and I saw here and THOUGHT it was her but figured  naaah this bitch looks way broker  lol yikes
you hate me now dont you??? getting a twitter isnt enough for you??? fine... *shuns*
The JVC (LCD) Reference Monitor I have is  in a word  awe-fucking-some. :)  It's great  accurate and as good as it gets. It's ~ $4k
I hate my life haha
I wanna butt fuck you. Cuz im a horny gremlin
What's your favorite drink?
what do you do to help the environment 
my bleeping employment agency f***ed up my pay *again*. Didn't come on 24 Dec. Now have to wait until 2 Jan. I hate temping
so i said listen cunt.. i hope your year brings prosperity and happiness. and then i got my gun  and blew her brains out.
Here's an idea  how about stop trying o get hook up with Tabitha and actually find someone who can suck you 3inches dick  hahaha doubt that will ever happen. No girl likes a pevert and a douche(:
I'd like to get a signed copy of 'Running Like a Fat Bastard'. Pleez. Only this will complete my fitness lit collection.
paaaaaaaarrrtttyyyy!!!!!!!! wait no... fuck it.... move over I'M MOVING IN!!!! HAHA!
dude the ep is sick..Pussy and Tween Me  U are my Jams..
you got niggaitus and watch baby come in there and fuck with you.
yeah u are!! Asian ass  embrace it
damn missing coffeeclub again. And this time really could have used a coffee ;-)
aw that sucks!
Joe the Plumber: scofflaw  activist  or just another cheap-ass?
look im sitting at home twittering my ass off on a friday night. I should know better then anyone  lol
ouch that sucks..
Taking the piss  talking trash  perhaps
yeah tneezy gonna hate it...   sorry boo u 1 day late!
it makes conversation haha
Fuck a serato record  I was worried about my windows crackin..lol..I can live w/o a serato record  I don't have a backup window.
Are you silly or serious?
do you think you are nudging me to change my update...WHORE NAILS!
Like Zebra man said in rock n roll parking lot. LIFE SUCKS SHIT!
i know you've got search twitter set up for  smaller ass 
you can take the girl out of the hood but you can't take the hood out of the girl. Detroit didn't make me a pussy that's forsure
i hate you.
ITS GROSS. AND NOT NEEDED. I HATE IT! LMFAOOO.
nobody talks to my sister like that! Take ur goddamn frive iphrones and get the fuck out!
on dude......a whale remember
Did you just call me a bitch?  You're still upset because   is moving in on your bitch.
i BET YOU WERE SILLY ASS! lol
nigga fuck put a Lil gin in it a drink dat shit son fuck 08
i'd love to visit (or live) in san diego cause of yr round warm weather. i hate cold so bad. crowds n traf would b my probs there
being a nerd with a camera downtown 
not really
a) JTP is a douchebag b) Stewart kicks ass!
pepe?
Cheetos or Fritos?
I hate math really do!but will be happy as well when I finish university!
yeah but zro rly is the eMo city don
Listen  RayRay  I gave you the lowdown as soon as I got it. I hadn't heard it b4 and I was shocked. She seems to hate his guts.
alien brains. go figure haha
Cajun Turkey and melted pepperjack cheese. Lettuce. Tomatoe. Miracle Whip/ lightly evenly spread. Pickles. Cucumber. Colby cheese sliced in a circle.  all layered perfectly on a toasted whole wheat honey and oats Bun. Deliciousness! :]
dude the talk about universe at #LeWeb is awesome. As a nerd guy you have to watch it
did you get all my questions? cause I've been flooding you for the past few days..
~santi~ 
got delayed.  your ass kicking will have to wait.
oh. yeah. no loving for nikki. poor nikki. she's too emo.
I hate to make you grumble so  wackiland!
Hayyy :]
 They're unlawful combatants.   Uh  no  Dick  *you're* unlawful imprisoners. God I hate those men.
Grosss! Your face is nasty
All those people who hate Hillary are the same ones who voted for her husband and loved her before Obama.  Just seems strange.
I read WP as WordPress but damn that is hilarious.
What was the last thing you ate?
i have to do a list  still. BUT I got the damn design done  finally. Merry Exmas!
the fuck shit is this? people died for less. lol
hmm ...my daddy :)
  damn! No kidding!
don't worry  karma is a one mean ass bitch. They'll get what's coming to them...
alright. The test is on Monday and I'm gonna be studying my ass off.
Tell B-Mo Speed gon whoop his ass! lol
met personally um Andy Clemmensen unless u count Santa hes pretty famous or the guy that helped train the animals from babe the pig or something like that ur pick. lol
Fucking awesome! LOL!
cause i just need to get my mind away from all the bullshit out here..im bousta say fuck doin music...just promote others...
Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
Who would be ur premiere Ultimate Dumb Ass?
aw fuck me in the ass i thought you meant maylene
I don't wanna sound gay or nuthin'  but that sir... is an arousing pic.
Have you ever gotten fired from a job?
Nico Martinez  why are youu so hott!? Hahaha
why does eueryone hate american eagle? wat happened?
that  and  I'm not gay  aw I miss bonez.  I hope he's not in prison.
The libertarian case for gay marriage.  
he's a retard. shouldnt he be old enough to know to not  be so damn nosy and butt in on peoples relationship.
thats not funny i never am damn it lol
No Whale  FTW!  I'm liking the Struts  WebWork analogy for Rails  Merb.  But then again  I'm old school like that.
what's the worst drink ever?
That sucks!
that sucks *hugs* :(
I hate sweet ham ergh
...no.
i know  i know  i know! :)
What's your funny story?
so i said listen cunt.. i hope your year brings prosperity and happiness. and then i got my gun  and blew her brains out.
it was a joke haha. i figured id be emo too since everyone is complaining on here
no-sign. i dont fuck with  rats 
Fat Tire. Steak Taquitos. RocketTransfer.com. AJ's on Court in DSM.
damn straight i am.
  spent last evening AND this morning begging for forgiveness. WHO says that to a 6-year-old? Stress sucks!
how are you?
u got me lemming for some laneige whitening shit! ive been breakin out lately n i need somethin to whiten my damn acne scars bleh
i love you alexiss<333 no homoo niggyyy(: aha
 run over my a Hyundai and ass raped by Clay Aiken.  I would so prefer it the other way around.
I hate math really do!but will be happy as well when I finish university!
Sorry about the bday thing -- that sucks. :(
What are you talking about? Haha
DOG... ONE OF THEM WILL SOON CATCH YOU SLIPPING! THEY'LL PULL A GEORGE CASTANZA ON YOUR ASS THEN NEXT THING YOU KNOW  UR MARIED
if you were black  that last one would be so damn racist
how often do you go braless?
the eagle w/   ... Decided 2 not do power lesbian night   mecca  hang out w/ our real queer ppl 2night. gr8 indy band. Emo punk.
well  you can only watch one at a time but we have 3 since I hate watching  sd TV  now
If you were given a brand new yacht  what would you name it?
fuck yeah they do!
wen it comes to other stuff shes so fast and then wen i ask for stuf frknn slow ass takes a month or two
try telling your parents that you don't want to see them. see how well that fucking works out for you  yeah?
I guess everything's alright but I hate this still.
lmfao iJuz notice dat lol
I was on my way to work. Driving.
as much as I hate the winter  those pics are beautiful. We've had insane-o storms like that in MO. Sucks so bad  esp sans power
GENUOIS BITCH LOL
you a big time texter?
hate u
damn right mami!
Well fuck. You can say that again!
funny background statement =>
Describe your first REAL date?
kum on den
  cece is a bitch. she never wanted them to be together!
shut the fuck up LOL. I wanted to take a pic so bad but it would have been obvious. My mom wanted the hat. I just tried it on haha
so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
Have you ever been drunk?
yeah  I know. I hate hollywood but there's a party there that I want to go to.
lol gurl iKan do anythang
biggest loser contest  SFL sponsored  advice  and recipies in my inbox  walking clubs...you name it.
Jarrod is god.
that song is so emo to me
I jokingly remarked to my man that I was an  internet whore   he thought it meant that I was a porn star. LOL He doesn't get it.
That sucks ...
I like the verses to the song....just not that lame ass auto tuning nigga on the hook
You're so gay  you don't even like boys.
I am Ashlee duh
You are such a faggot for going to EDC god damn it. Almost as much of a bitch as Thad  but no where near Zach at least.
I hate to point this out  but didn't you call Death Race awesome? DR will make my bottom 10 list w/o a doubt.
hate. you.
Whn we gonn b 2gether?
ahah! and i'll say exactly what i'd say to him:  bitch make your own!  i kid:P
The Beatles or The Temptations?
Arrrgghhh! I hate him!
Injections don't work in Vista? I tried in XP  didn't work there either  crazy bug or something :(. Damn you C++ Win32 API!
What do people most often criticize about you? (If some of these are doules I am so sorry.)
damn! Putting my chocolate cake to shame.
no  im tabitha jai locascio. myspace.com/tabiisaninja i have a face book to  ask for it. I HAVE NO CLUE WHO THIS CHEYENNE IS  so please send a link so i can see for myself  because i guess she might be using my pictures.
I've never seen Wall-e. Yes  it's a hole  I know  but that doesn't mean you're not a huge nerd.
I guess everything's alright but I hate this still.
    I hate Walmart anymore. I'm gonna have to start taking my own cart with spikes and barbed wire. Maybe flamethrowers.
i also saw an anti-gay sign re: protesters
 Dude  you're gonna hate me! Here... more T-shirts for da T-shirt lovers      
But a lovely nerd indeed.
dude so weird  i feel like good will stole one of my best friends too  Damn the man
damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaff(house) then
He's back from w.e the fuck he was lol
Do you know how to change a tire? Change oil? Change a spark plug?
haha ok
usually  if I am at the point where I'm ready to say something mean  I will click away. I hate mean people.  hate them.
#NAME?
lmfao! bad ass!
dood  seriously  why was 70's cinema so fucking crazy? Seriously  the sex tease with the boat captain and preteen boys  like woah!
Love them!  Used to hate them with a passion as a kid but now  I can't get enough of them!! Love them.
He's so fucking annoying. I would just tell him fuck off and it's his fault he has an unverified address :/
yes but i dont much anymore..... things for others is most fun!
Nico Martinez  why are youu so hott!? Hahaha
Haha well your my bestfriend/babieeee nothing else (:
you tell me :p
beach.
What happens when you put a lightsaber in water?
aww...it never snows in texas. it snowed a few years ago. but that was just a freak accident! it hadn't snowed for 100 years.
ditto bitch!
fuck yeah. swing by sometime (after the 17th) and i'll take you to rocco's. yeah  think about that.
Have you ever hit one of your parents?
Hmmm....U makin me hungry first of all!  Dairy Queen! YUMM!!
lol you'd go gay for Zac Efron
I won't cheer! Do u have this  kick u in the back of the head really hard  variant? Sucks! 3rd day of ultra shittiness! Ibruprfn
and we need to make more spooky cock-tail! what flavor v8 did we use?
I gave really good gifts... LOL. Damn the man!
OMFG. I JUST FIGURED OUT THAT  @SHIT. AND MY FIRM'S IT GUY TRIED TO GET ME INTO CHUCK. IT'S REALLY NERD-O.
damn why fuck drake?
lmao that sucks.
control issues i guesss
damn  that hurts.  I agree w/   more scotch will cure all that ails you
damn! twitpic that shizzle!
I hate when I text somebody and they immediately call me.  Hey fuckface  if I wanted to hear your ugly voice I would have called you!
hate when that happens..glad you guys are getting settled in
Ohhh I hate snow days because then we have to make them up later.
jacob sucks  i hate the werewolves  im with the vampires GRR
iloveeyou(:
lmfao! bad ass!
Life is never going to be easy.
Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
You know  I love the holidays. Get a high on it.  I just hate shopping!!!!!!!!!!!!
Have you ever had head lice?
Zombie 4sho!
Favorite daytime talk show host?
i would watch out for rachel just sayinnnnn she is a fake person.....
THANK YOU! Beautifully worded. I'm so fucking sick of people just hating for hating. Everyone think they're so deep these days.
i got the 8330 bigger keyboard I got fat thumbs
is het -5?! fuck..
damn! 2 racks? on what  might I ask?
 I know pwoplw that know people that know the fat guy...Connections: I haz them. :)
close your eyes and count until 10 NOW.       what went through your mind? be honest
umm idkk..
I hate that. Then they have kids of their own and they're all  Why didn't you tell me it was so hard? 
nope tabitha jai locascio idk who she is but she is a fake. :/ i use to live in idaho but i moved to texas
right there with you! woke up thinking of a hundred things I need to do. hate that!
you order pizza that much they have you on speed dial. damn.
I both love and hate the sticks! I'm finally going home tomorrow.
Are you out celebrating your birthday? If so  a birthday drink is ok! But don't forget the marathon. I hate being such a stickler.
hate  can'r do  atitude. can do works almosr all the time.
the office 100%
Love them> i love cheese.
keep my mind busy. paint. draw  write. lay out and tan  clean  blahh lol
What one thing are you exceptionally good at?
gotta hate that shit
If you stay home to twitter and have a martini on NYE does that make you a loser?  don't answer that...  I don't want to know
crutches suck big time. i hate them lol. hope you get better soon! :P
hahaha thanks a ton. I laughed when I read it :]
Spam me   ill return the favor  
I see the theory  but I have decided to have a pizza and fuck off  which is easier.
And I HATE gangsters .
Do you have a specific work-out routine?..if  not  how do you keep in shape? [mentally and physically  speaking].
Could be some accounts getting removed after suspicious behavior.  Damn spammers...
Fuck that! I feel awful for you  having to wait out there!
Sliders was a fuckin Kick ass show meng I miss it to
 (iTunes) or  Antrel Rolle previewed today's MIN game on the Best Damn Sports Show Podcast.
its much easier when you realize the japs arent really people and that the enola gay should have done another flyaround.
 damn you and your constant banoffee pie mentions!! Very tempting LOL
OMG it is a small world! I was there summer of '89.  Uh oh  the song  now the damn song is stuck in my head.
that really sucks!
it's ok to bitch. Just be as quick to post good stuff too. Life is too great to just focus on the bad shit.
i dont care if its him or his ppl ... i care if its authorized or a poser squatting
I didn't want to say anything for fear of a split screen of   driving down to kick my ass...
yep...that whole damn mixtape gets me hype lol
Both? LOL! jk
Not really. Atlantis was okay. Old Star Gate on now. Was about to watch Numbers. Might do Sudoku instead unless u ready u fuck :)
oo i gotchu yeah. manee
thats what i am saying...they need to pay me.thats m*ttaf*cking free promotion. ungrateful ass people.
but seriously...  WHY THE HELL ARE YOU STILL ONLINE????  Were you injured in god damn 'NAM or something???  GO!!!
No  Joe. I am not gay. This is the 3rd time you've asked. Still straight. Not really the kind of thing that changes wk to wk
I hate giving little kids antibiotics...10 days 2 a day and important they get it all down...impossible!
ahh damn it: Action 12.1.5.0 of Microsoft.SharePoint.Upgrade.SPSearchDatabaseSequence failed. and i didn't snap shot my VM DOH!
Are you picky about spelling and grammar?
Grew up a Habs fan  which meant I had to hate the Leafs when I moved to Toronto  which meant embracing the Wings.
it is our wedding anniversary today.  He got me NOTHING. Not even a damn card. So he should go and get me donuts!  LOL
grrr I hate that. I have an ex-friend who only gets in touch when they have something great to tell me about themselves... o_0
fuck no! i live with a used-to-be sheriff  im careful with the law outside of my home :D
sometimes when theyre trying to be gangsta or ignorant
yes yes  so gay.
Dig him up? Fuck that  I'm picturing next years Halloween costume already!
that sucks big time.
Damn straight I am!  I want to be 50ft!  I also want to play Barbarella.  I'd be much better than Rose McGowan.
Do certain peoples lives have certain worth to you? Such as a prostiture  a killers...ect.
That's a very interesting point and one I hadn't heard before. Copper for elec motors? Damn  I love twitter.
oh hot damn!
No honestly your really immature :)
He was just being a dick in H CoT4  his attitude caused wipes  which made him a bigger dick. It was a vicious circle.
LMAO. Vista isn't that bad. I did hate it  but on this computer I love it. You just need a faster laptop. Still using my n ...
tabi! you're hittin' on my bestttt friend! WTF. whooo cares  i love you. :)
some aerial shots of the Mitre 10 fire damn helicopters and their awesome vantage points
I don't think you'll find it on I-10 only on I-45. Hubby woke up and noticed that I haven't slept. Bah. Ambien sucks.
Cereal!
my hearing aids as they help me hear the smallest things like crickets :D family as they will always be there for me:D and God  even tho ive been struggling with my faith lately i know he will help me and wouldnt give me anything i cant handle
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #design because...he designed the fail whale :-)
 They're unlawful combatants.   Uh  no  Dick  *you're* unlawful imprisoners. God I hate those men.
yeah my son works at Barnes N Nobles...played the mamma mia soundtrack overNover- they all hate it now but sing and dance along!
the early word is the spirit sucks... hard.  i'm a big fan of the eisner comics  but frank miller's take looks a little... meh.
Do you tell a person if you see they have toilet paper stuck on their shoe?
Damn that's like my lil brother. He's 11  5 8 and 250 lbs.
Fuck that shit. I told people...  DON'T MAKE THAT ACCOUNT!  and someone had to do it. Fuck that shit.
fashion parade. (damn sneaky mousepad enter key thing.)
Would you ever travel out of state to see a band that you like?
  gonna tell me its my fault for having a CC.  WTF   Wanted to knock is damn turban off.
mate u know there are french umbracians out there cg09 u may get ur ass whupped :-}
did you come up with the  server-hugger  moniker  or what some other wise-ass?
lol maaan-fuck this!! I almost busted my shit like 5 times tryna walk on this damn ice!!
gotta love brandon! damn!
let me know if you want a co-pilot tonight to keep your ass awake!
A pussy on my cock on my pussy  if you wanna take it further. ;)
Yea it sucks!!
why do you sleep so damn late? haha
I can share my gay boyfriend. He just left. Its 1 in the morning. You totally coulda had him from 9 to 1! Ill keep first shift
this should have ended months ago  sucks.
thats what i am saying...they need to pay me.thats m*ttaf*cking free promotion. ungrateful ass people.
Heh  default slut mode? :)
that's my dad's reasoning. i just hate the shit out of kobe bryant though. i think i'm rooting lakers though.
cont. and you must RT EVERY LITTLE THING someone says  then DAMN do I feel SORRY for you and your friends.
funny background statement =>
Fuck yeah. I noticed that too.
Awwhhh!!!Thank yuh Jacob ur really nice!!! Might be my new bestie <33 Thank YUH SO MUCH!
im sad there's only 15 more minutes left! i hate how it shows only once a week lol
sup e.a
why are you still alive?
Thats a hard 1    *thinkin* Maybe Bustin Jieber? I think! haha
I hope someone is getting injured in the process of the REAL LIFE PILLOWFIGHT FUCK YEAH
those are the best flights though! freak time's when the plane's a fucking sardine can w/ no aerodynamic balance or leg room
it's called shitty ass fuck shit sir
well then why did you bring it up?
Do you believe in the quote  I'll sleep when im dead''?
yeah its snowing and that shits not cool...(its ice cold lulz)...but seriously fuck the snow
thanks alot hahaha
kkkk
it totally sucks!!!  i had to call the stores with the fraudulent charges  filed a police report  sign a notarized affidavit
fuck Dreamhost. that is all.
What video game have you played the most?
Fuck mod_Ella.....
hahahaahha i  know  myspace.com/tabiisaninja
A cami and gym shorts :] haha
sucks your sick on X-mas.  Hope you're feeling better.  Drink lots of egg nog...  w/ RUM!
What happens when you put a lightsaber in water?
Have you ever asked someone out on a date?
Retard. Section E is?
I hate games like this. All these people shouldn't be going down.
i think it would be fun
Sucks 4 you!!!!!! Your just not a lucky ducky are you? First your phone  now this!
huh???
What's one thing you own that you should probably throw away  but never will?
You fucking rock =)
lol
fuck off dude  don't waste my time...
yeah it's terrible but tell ya the truth I'd hang any political figure from my Xmas tree I hate em all lol
i dont do chocolate much
ic that sucks though  good luck then man  I might be getting the iphone  im going to crack it for tmobile
ITS GROSS. AND NOT NEEDED. I HATE IT! LMFAOOO.
ok! where is it then? send that bitch to me!! haha!
you must be bored...you are a twitter whore today. ;)
Hey  it's your cousin again :] When are you coming to visit us? I'm gonna make a formspring :]
Favorite nickname somebody gave you?
let me know if you want a co-pilot tonight to keep your ass awake!
hmmm thats a good question
Ohhh I hate snow days because then we have to make them up later.
Timothy. Because he would prolly be following behind the cop car waiting in the waiting room for me already.
  gonna tell me its my fault for having a CC.  WTF   Wanted to knock is damn turban off.
ok I take you off of my hate list and send you hugs  I am in business..this is my alter ego. mwahahah
How would you describe  in your mind  the greatest guy in the world? What would he be like? What would he do with his time?
that sucks!
If you were a monster  what monster would you be?
That really sucks. I am sorry to hear that man! What am idiot judge.
argh fucking motherfuckers!!!!='(((( I can't believe it dude the place is legendary...how dare they..
Considering half of my fucking company has been laid off this morning   MY BAD DAWG  might be appropriate
anna just has to ruin the holidays for me  just like every year. Damn you anna!
you can fuck right off about that hoodie thieving comment
ha ha loser :)
Haha  damn him indeed
Faggoty fag fag. Gay secks man blowjob. Settle down.
What do you think about formspring.me so far?
Hot damn  champ right here! Had the old school TT shell helmet on for the whole trip. Backwards even! Huoooooooah!
dgaf :]
that means   isn't leaving you for the fridge? (you being the bitch that is staying)
So almost everything makes sense now? And I trashed the mistake. I didn't know you could 'til now. And I hate screwing up. =/
Why do hot dogs come in packs of ten while hot dog buns only come in packs of 8?
yes.
yo... you should have another show tomorrow cuz we had to record the past two days... damn albums...
okay
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
We've maybe had 1  total here across 3-4 different  snows  My first time with snow tires ever and I can't have any damn fun!
Fuck. Well  you can for a low cost of 19.99 with shipping and handling. But that's only if you really want to.
Avocado is my FAVOURITE 'good fat'. Hahaha... I'm afraid I indulged 2day and had my avocado w homemade cheese nachos  black olives.
well mine are double flared  so they are a fucking homo bitch cunt to get out. aggrivation!
jamie lidell already reminds of a less emo robin thicke lol
What's your favorite place to be kissed?:
Ernies on Thrusday nights. Best fucking Margaritas in the valley
Money does not grow on trees then why do banks have branches?
nope  I kept fucking up anyways
I hate him.
UNNNGGGG if he used that fucking word i'm never saying Epic Fail ever again..ooo i'd like to give him a sock in th..NEVERMIND!!
dont hate ur life! =_=
It's sucks..lol  cause any other time I'd be fine with 1 meal  but because I cant have none  it's driving me nuts..lol
What flavor of Kool Aid was your favorite?
Well i thought that you were at first but I've realized that you're intentions are good and i wanna get your number ;)))
When did you last receive a text message?
Sigh. Fuck 4chan.
that damn cheddar...the hell?!!
and you're a smug cunt  so it must be true!
I HATE IT when that happens! Usually when I'm in a hurry :-/
you guys SHES NOT FAKE! got it? good. when she still went to my school she was out there with the fact shes a hoe. im glad shes staying in texas they can have her
did you get all my questions? cause I've been flooding you for the past few days..
because i'm a dumb ass.
if you tweet about that damn song one more time.... And its on the Scion double disc promo cd
yep...that whole damn mixtape gets me hype lol
damn right it wi be!
Not at all. well i guess with timmy i am. he'll get me anything lol but not when I was a kid.
my sister. :0
How old are yu 
damn we got BWNT  where you headed tonight?
damn dude what happened?
Would you rather lose your memory or your vision?
fuck u asshole we aint even watchin the game shyt we slda goten closer so i cn c betr.how r those cheerleaders 4 ya
OMG siiiigh I'm folding. LOL! Only becuz EnTouch brought me to this old ass jam WOW 
Do you have any scars on your body?  If so  how'd you get them?
Damn!! I was hoping you were giving me good news otherwise!
I'm with you man. Here I am on Twitter at 20 to 6 in the morn  damn.
Vanilla
yeah those darn gay alarms at CVS.....
:(
I wouldn't with ur dick! Now u owe me one!
ARGH!  I hate that too!
i am  just so behind now   it sucks.
i have been the one who has been calling you a hoe and shit cuz bitch justin has a fucking girl friend so back the fuck off and quit throwing your self at him. your a whore.
hate to tell you but it only gets worse  we're at 1440 in the UK and all my office wants to jump out the window!
oh wow  that really sucks. :/
get drumk bitch!
i am going to work on a grassroots gay rights project that will involve the communities of color.
A writer. I wanted to be a writer creative novelist so bad.
when they mean fake  they mean your attitude is fake and your personality  not if shes dead or alive..um just saying ppl.
Is love necessary in life?
spew! i hate mountain dew! it tastes like...oh  nvm.
I imagine. Another thing  every time I open the Reader  my subscription folders are ALL open. I hate that too.
How would they define failure anyway? People giving up and going back to reruns of The Biggest Loser?
bahahaha i love you. and ugh i wish i was on my way to va with   fuck the weatherr.
now THAT is really WT  fat from lipo to power your car!
close your eyes and count until 10 NOW.       what went through your mind? be honest
whyy dose rubinathy15 ask stoopid questions? erase the dum betch
Hahaha!  Well take care then. We would hate to lose you to your homeland anyways.  Come back safe!
your ugly as fuuuuck   betty is 10000% prettier than youuu  so stopp being a bitchhh.
What's your favorite flavor of jello?
I wouldn't with ur dick! Now u owe me one!
i got ur ticks  but yo ass ain't gonna come! lol
no fucking clue
man that rly sucks. I for 1 am positive that all will work out. You're a bright dude... pretty cool 2 if I don't say so myself.
that's the coolest damn thing yet! Have you put it on your own website yet? Its a pretty simple ap  just don't use huge pics
Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
Vv ouch </3 to me  hey I'm going to sleep.  Please ignore my texts. And tonight don't call. Talk to you tomorrow...I guess
nope but the second to last gilmore girl just died. did ya knwo that
You are walking down the street on your way to work. There is a dog drowning in the canal on the side of the street. Your boss has told you if you are late one more time you get fired. What do you do?
Oh yeah. That would be a good one. I still think they could kick ass doing  Got to Get You Into My Life. 
Well  I'm wearing underpants and a shirt. I'm not a fucking savage.
Lots of things. My brother overcame cancer at 2 years old. That was prolly the worst.
Pink  Neon green(:
damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaff(house) then
What was the first thing you thought when you woke up?
Who do you want to grow old and grey with?
did you come up with the  server-hugger  moniker  or what some other wise-ass?
here 2!Another big storm is blowing our way. I hope it waits until I'm home from work b4 it starts snowing. Hate driving in it!
I don't know.
oh that sucks! apply for targets/walmarts
whatever about the Gay Byrne voiceover  shame on Eason's for running Christmas ads in early November!..
she took $60 from me  $50 from my sis 2 separate nights.  She says her stuff was jacked too.  Don't buy it. Betrayal sucks.
Haha! I'm glad someone else will admit to seeing (multiple times clearly) Gummo! I let someone borrow mine... lost. Damn.
Have you ever used drugs?
cause cleaning is such a bitch.
I just giggled out loud because my dyslexic ass just read  My fluffy ass was rubbing off 
Do you like Alice in Wonderland? :)
A^A^A^A^A^A^A^A^A^A
dudde ima fuuck you til you bleed:)
he's gay like u lmao. And the rest of the guys are alergic to fruits. *wink* lmao.
the early word is the spirit sucks... hard.  i'm a big fan of the eisner comics  but frank miller's take looks a little... meh.
less #damn-fridays  more #bad_wookie_pun
pimping your blog again  but damn funny.  specially including Connex
how many friends do you have on facebook?
Uhm. Actor(: They get paied more haha
wentz is probably all stressed and thinks we are going to hate him now bc the boards suck dick and he was trying to make them....
Is it ok if Ive jizzed to pics of you before?
If you're hard at work or just leisurely reading  you're not a poser.
Thanks for the memo  if you would reveal your identity we could continue this conversation in depth :)
Of course. We the people are the government :]r all people should vote.
Oooh  I'm so going there this weekend!! I just hate malls at Xmas time. Bah.
hate to tell you but it only gets worse  we're at 1440 in the UK and all my office wants to jump out the window!
yikes! glad it wasn't worse i guess  but still sucks. get better and hope the insurance crap goes by quickly and easily
How many lies do you think you have told in your life time?
ah damn man! Good Luck!! You can do eeeeit!!!
well just go to the local whore house!
we are so silly and pathetic and so fucking cool! You tellin me you choking made me choke! And I am sitting next to some girl w ...
u stll up drinking bitch?
Damn woman you don't know your own strength.  LOL
I wish I could punch you square in the face. that's how much I hate you right now.
  nessarenee I mean that was either a pad or her white dick. Shes nasty. But whats the song thats playing at the end
same 4 u make sure yo ass is up
   HE'S FUCKING HIMSELF!
what da drilly wit dat do! ...oh  and i STILL got distribution in Japan...damn  that chick was the worst that night
Personally  I was just thinking Fuck Chase Bank. There are no good ones. They're all snakes.
Are you happy?
o so the rumors are true i am OBESE! yea fat!
where'd ya put it? o btw:  kick ass quote Copyright 2009   All Rights Reserved 
Sure hope your dog will be OK. I'll be thinking of you. (I hate waiting for the vet to call.)
aww thankss yuu aree to
awhhhh thanks  who is this?
TABI AND EVERYONE ELSE SHUT UP YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL- sam
i would answer that but im not so sure of who that is 
yep. I didn't think to go online and check calorie/fat count until AFTER dinner. Bummer.
I spent all last week with that damn song in my head. :)
np you are happy with the service? do you have anything to compare to? I hate 3 not working out of cities. and whirlpool likes exe
no it was a direct Church of Why Don't You Bloody Well Piss Off
you mean we chatted about how I wish I were a gay man??
If parents say  Never take candy from strangers then why do we celebrate Halloween?
Nahh
Lol... damn... me too... o_O
Where were you born?
Awee'  your gonna hand it too mee? Lol
Does fuzzy logic tickle?
SHUT THE FUCK UP! What?! Why does Micky Rouke have ur #?
the way i want to lol :]
dont hate!
I hate when that happens! x
If you could rid the world of one thing  what would it be?
Would you rather be rich or famous?
all too fucking familiar
lenee  that bo*o ass incense you gave me smells like an episcopalian funeral. lol! choked out saturday night  etc.
this job would be great if it wasnt for the fucking customers
WTF emo ass lookin bitch  *sigh*
do you ever GET tiddly tweets? Cos I'm destined 2b drunk fault of my gay 'uncles'
hahahahahahahahahahahhahahahaha  i recently read the weight of silence  and its really a good book.r *lover buddies for life **
 marinates penis  That's gay dude.
bitch what  hahaha. j/k.
do the 'fuck em girl' dance.
LMAO. Dont you like to piss off everyone as a rule?
  fuck it  lemme put on some D-Block and throw on my Apricot Scrub with exfoliating beads. Saturday baby
Awwww....DUDE. That sucks!! Hope you find a paperclip and a rubberband!!
just use water  loser.
dude that sucks!
confessions? i was so horny one time i used a tiny trash bag 2 fuk the block whore. and it bust!!
says  no more pizzas for the situation room! or else we will be fat when the war is over... 
I'm 1/2 with that  as a Realtor  my other 7/8ths would like 2 C stimulus 4 the housing market.  Damn'd if you do  Damn'd...
 
*sigh* oh  Karrine. You said the phrase  Sluts with Butts  on a site called MomLogic.com. You fuck'n rule! :) LMAO
That album is the fucking shit.
that's a shame  I hate having to unfollow someone! :-P
there's nothing better than listening to music on shuffle and hearing you say  you bitch!  randomly in the middle of it.
Do you believe in love?
whoever created chocolate pecan pie  thank. thank you for my big fat ass.
If you did come back as a ghost where would you haunt?
When was the last time you thought; what am I doing here?
relation to Miley Cyrus?
To the question below  when you said: im not fat? Arent you suppose to say I'm not fat  PERIOD? Cause if you put a question mark your saying your fat. DUMMY.
kicks dons ass. *HUGS*
what a loser. :P
If you could be a bird  what would you choose to be?
Ohhh well i didnt know you were doing that  you know since the questions come backwards to you..hahhaa sorry about all the show your face comments. hahha
o.  Well then.  Fuck santa.
y0 dick size is off da charts
I don't hate you all the time. Just sometimes. Not enough to unfollow and block you. lol
epic fail meaning it sucks? Hopefully
Hood has apparently lost his mind. Sucks for him.
:/ ugh.. why are you doing this again?
nah i hate watermarks.. plus i should stop being a hypocrite though as i post things out of google image search on the regular.
want me to cut a bitch for ya?
Hahaha! that looks so emo...poor guy thats y i prefer drums
:) Are you currently happy in your life right now?
you cock juggling thundercunt!!!! I have the best childish insults ever.
stop stealing my schtick  whore!
What's the nicest thing someone's ever done for you?
wow that sucks! well i wish you luck with all that :) i am going to crash so have a good night ok and stay warm.its freezing here
pls do....i was gon call molly maids up in this piece. i hate cleanin with a passion so early spring cleanin is some mf'in bull
Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
that sucks  hope you feel better. Too bad moms don't get to take sick days.
haha I love how much of a nerd Obama is...
Hell yeah! With their invisible sneaking nonsense. I almost want to play as one some time to fuck with people though.
you're a fat bitch? I think you just called yourself one. Lmao... Well if you wanna out yourself in that category... Ha ha
Eff yeah! give   and   a slap on the ass for me
girl...I just did a post on that damn snuggie...I'm so mad that I didn't think of that first
HATE.YOU.SO.MUCH.
I can share my gay boyfriend. He just left. Its 1 in the morning. You totally coulda had him from 9 to 1! Ill keep first shift
Yuh already know who i am. Yuh adedd me on myspace 
i need some of that money to get some of that tryfe heatery...the freeway shit was BOOOOOOONKERS!!! you killed that damn beat fam...
Please do...anything from you my sexy bitch!
great :P that lady is a cunt  that serves me right for getting excited over something
u stll up drinking bitch?
hey everyone im gonna start spamming again starting tomorrow...if you dont want to be spammed then inbox me ASAP
OK but I'm telling you  it's going to be hard for me to fight my inner grammar nerd. I'll do it for the cause though ;)
Beatles :]
Jeez dude! Who said you are NOT a big blogger? Ignore braggers. And why giving a damn about something  somebody said 'online'.
U FUCKING FORGOT THE HOTTEST PERSON ALIVE! BLAKE LIVELY! SHE'S THE ONLY ONE THAT CAN MAKE ME (ya know) WITHOUT TOUCHING SHIT
Umm made love to my boyfriend. :] r hahah
no one is trying to look like a freak ..well only behind closed doors. Bras over 36 look like grannie going to disneyland
tabi i think your the best but you push me away from being your friend because i did something wrong and i hate myself everyday and ive always regreted it happaneing i dont know if you know who i am but i want you too know i wish that never happened
cute video lexi u hve some of the of the weridest  cutest little toys i know wht u'll say (shut the fuck up ACH) haha
hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up 3333 ya
watt yuu meann...?
Nope. Show your face? why dont you?
PowerPoint sucks; even good shows that take tens and tens of hours can't compete with Key Note!
if your going to ask a question like that don't you think if im going to be honest with you  you should give me the respect of knowing who you are?
damn right it wi be!
hmm ...my daddy :)
When was the last time you gave flowers?
yea dani thats kind of gay sorry to tel u lol
*throws all 52 dollars in my pocket at you* Let me hit the MAC. Ill be RIGHT back. Hold that pose *forgets pin number* FUCK!
its when u wash ya face ya ass and ya balls from in front of the sink lol
You're on. I hate year end  popular   Best Of   In Review  stuff.
that fat boy humping the pillow is not right. lol.
diz grul name kiya y?
You are :)
 don't hate me cuz i'm beautiful.  jk. you're probably too young to have seen that commercial. HA. what's wrong  chippers??
lol  but what was the rumor? Gah I feel like I'm back in High School  I wanna fuck up whoever says shit about Dave  he's kickass
I fucking hate Rachel Ray.
(RT) Fat Bastard (my beagle) is writing his  tail-all  confessional diary about online dating...
ahh damn it: Action 12.1.5.0 of Microsoft.SharePoint.Upgrade.SPSearchDatabaseSequence failed. and i didn't snap shot my VM DOH!
Fuck it! You'll do it live!
I like parks :]
in other news  y'all gonna make me get back online just to see this lookin' ass kitty vid. *shakes fist*
Marc got home ok...but said he might've fuckied his rim up. I told his ass the pierogies  sausage wwere gonna knock him out....
On a 1 to 10 how mad would you be at me if I were to rape you?
Do you remember  Dream On??  Dude got HELLA ass...on accident!!...kinda like I used to...LOL!
awwww! I knew those damn haters were gonna do that.  Thank goodness I coped it before it was deleted.  YAY
damn you for getting the comics up early again o_o it gives me nothing to do before school in the morning D:
whats wrong with a monkey fuck? Lol i got my zippo fueled so no need of monkey fucks now lol
kan u wam? Because i love lil wayne and da wam i be doin it even do im a girl
Ohhkayy! First offf i was playin  i mean he is a really nice person dnt kno him like all that! Bhut u should ask him!
Have you ever had a stalker?
Not yet ;] Sure hope so here soon!! :D
you damn skippy..... but it would have been fun...you missed out!!
what the fuck  so what you wanna like twitter battle or some shit?  I mean 'the fuck is you sayin'??
a kids cereal. :]
I freakin hate that! For me it's  Hi Rose  Rose is my last name you idiot! LOL
yes  you remember me trying to keep *MY* lashes on for the awards this year- never fucking wearing those damn things AGAIN
Urgh   this is difficult to answer haha! Umm prob. fixing computers! ha yes i said it im like a WIZ at fixin comps that MYSELF and MOM destroy! AHAHA!
/nerd *laugh*
ok  I had to say cock-blocked cuz  you know  it's a rooster. But apparently favrd doesn't like me
and holy crap  that's a long time!! D: that sucks!
Oh  I would hate that too.  Three apps? That would barely get me started.
I get your tweets on my phone and my ass was just vibrating like crazy lmao
I jokingly remarked to my man that I was an  internet whore   he thought it meant that I was a porn star. LOL He doesn't get it.
  You guys are in the same fucking house and using twitter to talk.
aww  I knoow  I hate that! :-P
are you only acting nice to people now because you have to stay at brock?
movie night! or beach or what ever as long i am with friends :D
damn those pesky pirates
name the hottest girl that you have ever met
i BET YOU WERE SILLY ASS! lol
oh yeah. Forgot bout the weather over there. Damn  i hate being the last one to celebrate new years.
Yep  he left with supposed  mercury poisoning  Mamet said he apparently  left to become a thermometer  LOL. HATE PIVEN.
Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
Hello Rachul  this is the internet. Soz but I just a bit hate you right now.
it was in reference to his gay suit
worst place to eat at?
The fail whale was shown when twitter went down. It was a whale being lifted by birds.
What brand of shampoo and conditioner do you use?
My pussy is still sadly missing.  *blinks*  Do you think this will affect my popularity.  *evil grin*
I brought Prussia back  bitch.
i fucking love u too and merry christmas eve babe...i can't handle this right now i have no where to go
don't get all emo about that ;)

Well dats so tight ur friends wit    How does it feel 2 kno him. Since ur his friend u wud kno does he hav a gf?
this means young kaia will either grow up to be the greatest female beatmaker ever or a rap legend who severely falls the fuck off
amazingly  i have yet to hit the one down the street with a molotov  scream  fuck the police  while doing so.
You know what you are? You're like a big bear with claws and with fangs... big fucking teeth  man.
well  it is gay hippie stoner music
YOU FRENDZZ Wiff MEH BestiE KRISSy>?! IT BE TOOTsiE!(=<454333 oh YEAHP I LUH HERM (:
What holiday is closest to your birthday?
I have news 4 you this whole month is going 2 suck ass  I hope u like banquets n ramen cause thats whats on the menu this month :(
For sureeee :]
crutches suck big time. i hate them lol. hope you get better soon! :P
Who would you most like to be stuck in an elevator with? Least like?
haha what?
Didn't make it to the Young Whore  although I do love it--I hosted the karaoke at a friend's house!  'Twas fun :)
That really sucks I'm sorry. I'd get shitfaced with you but I'm stuck up here on the plateau.
basically we agreed that you/ are awesome/bad ass. Not gonna lie  i brought you up! ;)
bleezard! hate our local news:  top story: snow... in other news: snow... and hey  snow!  they live for this shiz
the epaper version sucks.. the image looks BAAAAD
fuck yeah
oh no  I always try to make my desk look neat. Fail whale. There are always newspapers piling up  cables are worse!
no way. they REALLY hate you  don't they?!
Hard to play because it is damn fucking awful
at least its a good excuse to have steak. my wife keeps craving fast food. I hate fast food. i like steak.
lol.. hate u both..
Dat one name HottBoi MiKeY !!!
polly prince on a Along Came Polly.
cluster fuck indeed.
Please do...anything from you my sexy bitch!
your damn night! I wish I had 666 followers.
yeah those darn gay alarms at CVS.....
yeah my son works at Barnes N Nobles...played the mamma mia soundtrack overNover- they all hate it now but sing and dance along!
ouch...that sucks!  I hope you're feeling better real soon!
dude that sucks!
Always seems like..
Omg NO WAY!!! 10 is actually small!!! Don't change thee way you look 4 ANYONE!!! bhut yourslf. Kay?!
gotta love the gay kid who was drumming trying to get his head in the pic tho HAHA
I threatened to shave my head the other day ;-) I hate my hair right now
zerooooo
booooooo! i have some hot- ass mushroom stock if you wanna come get it after work
  damn! No kidding!
I'm in love with you
i would say carrie underwood concert. she puts on an awesome show! :)
I remember and that's why I loves that ass. U make me feel special. Lol
ass get out its ur last day damn it!
you are a twitter/last.fm whore! :P
I have no idea why I live here. It sucks in the winter.
Goldies has the nastiest beer! :/ and the bartender is a fucking asshole. Haha.
and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min  out!
that sucks. security issues I take it?
hahahahah this is awesome i know how to send messages to all my friends
Its sunday so i can sleep in :)
What is the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning?
your ugly.
sorry that sucks. I hope your Cobra kicks in soon. What's up with your hair BTW?
Hey  suck it hoe.
ur not that pretty... and u think that ur the prettiest girl..wow its stupid..
besides english what other languages can you speak?
What is the craziest thing you have seen lately?
I like the verses to the song....just not that lame ass auto tuning nigga on the hook
wat a fag....
someone
I'm blocking you because you have no value. Go back to telemarketing  or some other loser marketing scheme.
I'm gay and I'm pregnant gak mungkin berhasil. This guy is persistent. Gmn ya. Can I just simply ignore his msgs??? :-D
those puppies get heavy. believe me. and clothing is a bitch to fit. cherish your perkiness.
apologizing for overactive hormones SUCKS.
What's the last furry thing you touched?
:((   tweet tweet you cookie crumble ass nigga
aw man that sucks!! was it your brother again? =( im sorry
Well I'm sure you'll feel better w a little Jizz in your pants over Heath. BTW  Jizz was so NOT this year's Dick in a Box!
Hey... If my lazy ass can do it.. you can too! :)
fuck that i've given up on him. nas is one album a way from being in the same standing with me
Yodda
LOL FAT NIGGAZ UNITE FATRON!!! HAHAHAHA
Theodore. He always gets yelled at :)
  haha. i love it! gay nights for all!
Fuck her..you're both adults x.x My mom says you're welcome to come here too. Eating at 3  prime rib!
well mine are double flared  so they are a fucking homo bitch cunt to get out. aggrivation!
Yeah it was four years ago  but I have a long memory. I also still hate the Avalanche even though they've sucked for years. :}
LOL FAT NIGGAZ UNITE FATRON!!! HAHAHAHA
Whos the best person to talk to online?:
No. Being  down  5lbs is a bad thing when you're a scrawny nerd who's trying to bulk up. :)
that sucks :(
that's weird  because I hate them the second time I see them.  First time is ok but they get old quick.
holy fuck. i would just make pasta or something if i were you  that is ridiculous.
  Juicee that dick gone make u masturbate. watch what I tell you.
Twitter.
MUSE. I want to see them live real bad.
blocked. What a fucking load of old shit.
HAPPY FUCKING BDAY YOU OLD MAN!!!!!! 3333333333 CELEBRATE TONIGHT WITH A TALL COLD ONE :) wooo!
hmm..popcicles. i dont eat much when its really hot outside.
Hello  My name is Javeed. You seem really cool and I wanted to know if you wanted to have a coffee with me sometime so just reply at 1-800- Javeed :D  LOLOL Just kidding :D This is MsUnderstoodxxx again! And I love Jello strawberry to :DDD It roxx!!!
yea but the tears  and water come together :P
FIRE HIM!!!!!!  lol lame ass mofo....
:D nada
Play boiiiii lol jk I dunno? hah
huh??
Whyy? D:
how cum ur up?
well... the giant carts slamming into your ass isn't SOOO bad. But the sample hogs are pretty gross.
Hey
Do any of your friends have children?
kick their ass babie
At the C's before I hit the hay. Still hate Boston?
...If you want to go back to Idaho so bad why dont you??? ... Texas doesnt want you here anymore than you want to be soo .. just leave!!!
Yeah  that would piss me off something terrible too... But you could regift it to a young relative...
Do you own a bathrobe?
We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
What's the best place near you to get a drink?
If only Edward and Bella were slightly less emo :)
Do you want to start over with anyone?
yes. i dont eat them. haha
DAMN TJ  You getting called out in songs now??!!
ohlala dago ktny tmpt nongkrong gay :D
1 being least? then like 2. ive watched horror movies that scared the shit out of me lol
What is the most expensive thing you have on right now?
You coming to work today  E? I know it's Gay Day and all. I wasn't sure if you were gay or just running late.
you were given two plane tickets to the Philippines..all expenses paid..who will you take with you?
    I hate Walmart anymore. I'm gonna have to start taking my own cart with spikes and barbed wire. Maybe flamethrowers.
Santa Cycle Rampage Ride starts at 10:30 at the Fat Abbey Bier Cafe (Juneau and Water). Bring your best red and white costume.
What kind of experience are you talking about? And pretty with no experience I guess?
What reality show do you wish you could be part of?
Damn he's doing sneeks for Nike and Louis Vuitton? Dude's gonna be rolling in dollar...
thx for the well wishes lisa! i hate taking meds  so i'm all for fast healing:)
With love all things are possible. its scary.
my sister. :0
not for a while. i havent' been on in a while.
What a router-nerd.  Building an end table.  Just rough work to practice.
yea the weather sucks. At least you missed the 8 degree weather though lol.
they can be annoying
nice voicemail... i didn't enjoy it cuz i am a bitch.
I hate him.
#NAME?
I find the exact opposite to be true.  I can review a book I hate in fifteen minutes.  Good books take hours.
What's your worst nightmare?
Wow  that sucks.Merry Christmas to you and your honey (wow  we are both celebrating 'firsts' on that one) -The Bs
tell them. haha
FUCK YOU!!!!! I'M DIVORCING UR FUCKING ASS!!!!! HMP!!!
Do you feel weird being around people you do not know?
I love fishing  but I am a loser :D
Lo cool sucks u have to go to PR LOL sucks there
Do any of your friends have children?
what if he is  interested  in being  taken  by a  gay  person  hehe
Why do you think people get irrate over little things?
I still think you should be prouder of the  Fuck fuck fuck!  but  Rock!  is pretty good. When will you be teaching her  FUCK YEAH 
oh gdnss  jus saw vlog. WOW  I met that fool yrs ago   MJ restaurant DC.  What a loser!
timothy. and my fishy Arnold. :) I named him Arnold after the tv show hey! arnold. Have you seen that movie?haha
 hey've just proved how fucking irrelevant they are  ..By making you go and read them?
What!? Oh  that sucks!
lulz. fat chance!  good news is no bacn from friends adding you :D
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha nopeee not at the moment. hahaha he was saying stuff like that earlyerr.
way to not text me back DICK. :P
  Fucking Twitter  ok can I come see it?
aw that sucks.
i would hate that too. :(
It's a bitch and a half  but worth it.
girlfriend where the fuck did u find that photo! lmao!
makenzie.
Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
I have news 4 you this whole month is going 2 suck ass  I hope u like banquets n ramen cause thats whats on the menu this month :(
Umm like; sure(x
suntem dar ne gandem cum sa gasim o mascota care sa o putem scoate din dulap cand vrem sa acuzam pe cineva pt nenorocul nostru
no im just fucking pissed at shit
how have your past couple days been?
Most soy yogurt tastes like ass. But Whole Soy  Co is *delicious*  even my cats love it: 
like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
I can share my gay boyfriend. He just left. Its 1 in the morning. You totally coulda had him from 9 to 1! Ill keep first shift
Damn  you've had more jobs than  um  er  well  you're just always employed! lol
Haha! Well Cyprus Bank's web interface sucks... So I'm considering trying out Alpha Bank. Also my landlord has Alpha bank... lol
and yes.  true life  i have tourettes  is genius.  so is  i went to fat camp   lmaooooooo
Haha (: whatever that is
random song of the day?
ways to kick your own ass in the gym? Bring in a coke and fries with you  or wear a polyester leisure suit.
oh youuuu little bitch. Just keep your winter gloves away from your zipper and i'm sure you'll be fine.
I wanna butt fuck you. Cuz im a horny gremlin
grown ass kid lol
DEAD ASS?!?!?!?!?!
I ran a 300 customer hosting company for years on Apache.  I know how to set it up.  It still sucks ass.
outside. smile r inside. personality
most black shows nowadays are about bourgie ass  successful black people... which is cool to see  but...
I hate you
I wanna get him a ring that means  ur a great kid to fuck 
that's what I hated most about meridian. long ass walk to campus. best part? blocks from adams morgan!
Wilt fresh spinach with hot bacon fat and top with bacon!
they stole my slogan!!! I hate them for that!
Do you own any game consoles?
UNNNGGGG if he used that fucking word i'm never saying Epic Fail ever again..ooo i'd like to give him a sock in th..NEVERMIND!!
He can't hear you  his head's too far up his own ass.
I don't watch tv.
Wow...so you bought what's fashionable at...gay biker bars!!!  Congrats!!!  :-)
I think it also helps for you to *Feel* full this way   stay away from carbs. Carbs--Sugar --- Fat... Stay away from b4 bed
Do you cry often or keep it inside?
guess what you should do? GET A LIFE. I don't even know you so why would you even start shit with me?! Seriously  you must be a bit messed up in the head. Pathetic.
when it matters
i really am sorry you have to have this ishh on your page tho nico  but im not just gonna sit here while people talk shit thats just not how i was raised. so im sorryy i dont mean to be freeaking out all on here i kinda cnt help it.
Jonas Brothers Concert 8/13/09 ;D I still love em bhut Justin bieber is thee shit!
Pause and type quick notes  then edit at the end. I'd use a recorder but I hate transcribing. It's really helped my typing speed.
When you looked at yourself in the mirror today  what was the first thing you thought?
you watch NBA?
Yes. when and where?
when people ask you questions
Dumb bitch! Fuchkkk you and your stupid friends! Your all pussies! None of you can handle on your own! You always need your friends to get in everything!
damn clean plate and the cl;ean bones lol.
I hate  Rag and Bone  so much.
spiit yo gamme niqqa aha
spanish
What would your dream job look like?
Just had a big ass waffle breakfast and am catching up on games from 08
mate u know there are french umbracians out there cg09 u may get ur ass whupped :-}
There's some dude at this bar that totally looks like you. Should I kick his ass for impersonating?
unnecessary.  pain in the ass.  too much effort.
the only thing I hate about Nikon is the dumb Ashton Kutcher ads they run.
I hate you .. why can't I go to Vegas 
I can't find you on facebook I was lookin' for you  a Tosha Good came out O___O
Ahhh!!;) wow 5yrs! man  its a gorgeous language! I love it!! this is my first year learnin it! haha NEWBIE!
Do you think people are addicted to FS?
  Done! But I must tell you  that negro got a hard ass head. My elbow hurts...
My sis made me think   your  Femmes  Fags  blog..she is a total boi but so extra that you would think she was a fag. lol
Hell  I'm upset they allow him to get near a fucking camcorder  let alone direct anything. He'd fuck up a 3rd grade play.
saw that cunt thrown in
your ugly as fuuuuck   betty is 10000% prettier than youuu  so stopp being a bitchhh.
Yes i do!
u in a good mood souljaboy why u in a good mood oh n i luv ur new song 'damn  like it hit   me bac
Have you ever watched someone drive drunk?
nerd!
It's just crazy. This boy is fucking up my sleep schedule. Probably why I don't mind too much. ;)
fuck    you need to come sit on Big Daddy Bernanke's lap and tell me how much money to print for you...
We loovveee chicken.  Damn i do also so I really shouldn't complain.  And since I found the chicken i am in a better mood.
yooozers 20 442 damn homie!!!
I thought the same thing  he should have just hauled ass.
hell yeah fucking losers lol
Not during the party  b/c Dick's in a good mood much of the night. So Bart doesn't get it beat out of him now.
I LOVE ADTR! VvV They're my fav. I know every song by heart.
christofer drew  :) hahahar no doubt.
serious? your so lucky
Hmmm maybe but I hate my voice...
HUJIKHJKUILJKKJ Lmaoooooo. I cannot stand y'all asian ass ho's.
Justin Bieber or Channing Tatum! haha yumm!
Oh bitch you can't hide cus I'm gonna find you and we gon have a problem hoe
fuck you shane lol
I hate you sometimes. lol
Well hell  looks like I know what I'll be doing Tues. This is the worst  no? Cold  dark  boring as fuck. I want 2 sleep til April.
Figured tis the season to be fat. For a bit. And then start working properly on weight in the New Year-A is coming to gym with me!
FUCK.
yesh
i want to call him disgusting but i cant :|   he's 20.   he is gay.
You bash Nickelback  but you listen to Staind? WTF?! I hate both  btw.
just to clarify-  not really to the cunt punting... but really to the you being welcome to come over anytime!
i hate hate hate it with a passion!! lol...i know the calls are recorded i talk mad shyt down the phone LOL!!!
fat guys are immoral  there should be a proposition to keep them from marrying  VOTE YES
NOT A DAMN THING besides him leaving his macbook pro in my car because he was to lazy to get up and get outta my car
well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
Fuck.
UR a Chicken Cyber Punk! When a French Man came to kick your Ass  U put your Hands in your pockets and Cry like a Pussy! LMAO
randomly yes :)
shit that sucks. sorry to hear it!
I actually WANT school tomorrow  as it's my work day  and I want cancellation on WED.  since it's exam day. Damn my luck.
nah
i hate school =(
I never watch those show or even read the lists because they invariably piss me off.
I hate hot weather  makes me want to punch people... Just because it's hot
I hate you.
Pardon the intrusion  but fuck. That mixtape comes closer than anything in decades in making me believe in God. Thank you.
Have you ever eaten a crayon?
Because  Oh  for fuck's sake!  has so much more impact. And our generation likes to offend old people as deeply as possible.
Would yu ever even think abou goin out wit hannah fish or donna james?
It's a bitch and a half  but worth it.
i keep waiting for my follower number to drop  but it only seems to go up  LOL  especially when i say dick or balls.
damn I'm behind
I hate it  too.
Do u all believe me now when I tell u this is the best freak show in town?!
Ugh  twitter stop it  you fucking slut.
agreed.  UGO sucks ass
That doesn't sound nice at all. As somebody who was made redundant with one day to trade last year with Swatch  I know it sucks!
not on your life  dick-tongue
lmao thanks for saying im pretty  come talk to me? :)
I brought Prussia back  bitch.
i feel fucking great get me another drink
pretty gurrrl(:
you can do video after jailbreak. But still it's not a patch on the n95 camera. I really hate the iPhone cam.No settings at all!
yeah my son works at Barnes N Nobles...played the mamma mia soundtrack overNover- they all hate it now but sing and dance along!
damn that is shady. Why would they put out a false report?
and the beamer was underwhelming.  had all kinds of issues with the on-board computer.  nothing major. just enought to piss me off
It just sucks that so many use it as a crutch.
ah sucks  maybe Redcliffe then  I guess it depends on what time I get up tomorrow haha
What was your last awkward moment?
YOU SUNNUVA BITCH.   @TarinTowers: Only one week of spoons to go!
Are you out celebrating your birthday? If so  a birthday drink is ok! But don't forget the marathon. I hate being such a stickler.
ok  i can't believe i just told the haters on Momlogic to kiss your million dollar ass.
argh fucking motherfuckers!!!!='(((( I can't believe it dude the place is legendary...how dare they..
Who do you think it is?
damn I wish it was 1 here so my day would almost be over; btw that Wiley track is my fucking anthem...good looks
Thank god you said that-my friends think I'm a freak. Also weird-I have to wear high heels when I play drums or my foot cramps up
DAMN I wish I wasn't in college!
damn  won't be going to that.
you need some sort of ... ass whoopin...
he won't wanna pet the guinea pig?
Your into Pryce?
fuck em then! heh
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
i hate to say i use gmail to avoid deleting emails. i still have messages from '05!! but they're mostly tucked away in folders.
Who owns one  I just fix 'em! Hate it when electricals go to Hades.
You tell them to Fuck Off. They'll listen
I lovee you too mamszz(; LOl
in the shower
hmm so thats suk your soul hate and reinvent you to get my dry cleaning hate?
guilty pleasure by cobra starship :D fangs up! <3
Justin Bieber or Channing Tatum! haha yumm!
...i love my job and would hate to miss it...I'm depended upon and especially this week I'm needed for our toddlers parties
Damn Girl! Aww  that'll be cake at the rate YOU are chalking them up. Nice seasonal pic and awesome tweets btw.
Yes. I've officially decided I need to be your gay best friend. Mainly cause I need consolidating for clothing...
well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
Don't make plans.
yes  you remember me trying to keep *MY* lashes on for the awards this year- never fucking wearing those damn things AGAIN
if you don't know who i am  why follow me? get a fucking life and stop bitching about the past
damn your Jedi mind tricks!
Elequant. Its how I do. haha Dress nicely. I don't really dress myself to get other guys attention. I like to look pretty is all
It sucks but at least my car wasn't stolen. right? haha. just trying to be optimistic here.
hey Belladonna  it's Mike aka FFF (Christy Canyon nickname 4 me-future florida fuck) A true pleasure 2 talk 2 u on air 2night.
I totally missed your giveaway...damn and i wanted that!
thanks sugar  i get a little sensitive here and there. damn holidaze!
thanks though :) i appreciate it
I hate  Rag and Bone  so much.
yeah  I did that a few months ago. How's your show doing man?? looks kick ass!
fuck you shane lol
whos fucking who?
prettttty
iLyke dat
Do you think parents are too hard on kids these days?
  Cock your gun.
DAMN DAMN DAMN i cant see livesteez!!!!! :-(
hey you know wat wud b funny? to find out who started tht lil cheap ass lie tht if u roll ur eyez they'll get stuck like tht! rndm
this sucks ass!
i'm actually refreshing wil wheaton's blog right now to find out about his incredible announcement. i just can't help my inner nerd.
do you lie alot?
I once let a Delta Chi fuck me in the ass in Raleigh  NC. He took me to Bahama Breeze and that sealed the deal- doesn't take much.
Yah  you'd think I'd lose some FAT doing' all this shovelin'. But I guess eating brownies when I'm done negates something! Hah
i'm ok  now  darlin :)  i just hate my body sometimes.  it hurts me when it's most inconvenient.  i'll be ok... :) thank youuu
duh bestiee lol !!!
Fuck you
yes i think so. if it need to be necessary.
nothing. toes are pink tho :]
Do you volunteer for anything?
THE NEW FUCKING GENERAL OF THE WORLD  THAT'S WHAT.
I think the only fight I was off on was the Griffin fight.  Love that guy  but damn if he didn't get totally pwnt.
Hey
Its freaking me out. 1999 wasn't long ago. But 10 years. FUCK.
payment schedule...been there...sucks ass
your mom sucks  BITACH!
I LOVE THOSE FUCKING THINGS!! bring me some! :)
how fucking rude of them!
it's called shitty ass fuck shit sir
ha! I literally giggled...no fake lol here. I hate going on ODB (that's www.daboard.com tell em JIMMYSTICKS sent ya) on the mobile.
I KNOW I HATE THAT! (re: websites with music and no off switch!)
Talk about a time when you got into trouble at school
what your fave band?
i mean damn don can you get back to ya own brother?!?!?
--well...i had to pee...and my stupid ass lifted the seat with the same hand i was holdin the phone in...then...PLOOP!!!
`` im very sexy `` My fucking ass. duuude that made me laugh so fucking hardd(: thank's for making my day ;D
The 401 always sucks between Cobourg and Kingston. I'll be doing that joyous trek on Boxing Day to visit the relatives.
Hmm we just had one but i cant remember what it was..haha oh well
Sylar/Peter? FUCK YEAH :P Us in the middle?
being able to hide my feelings.
Did you ever get in trouble for talking in class?
Scary? Yes. It's also really fucking cool. It reads like science fiction.
Funny that the guy's last name is Dick...bwaha! :-D
Frances :)
kick ass. Also  when do you get back? The world wants to know.
i like them all lol
who d you like
aww that's awful!! XD I loved the art  and watching them all freak out. I hated the asian dude  he was a dmbass.
LMAO!! I seen that  that dude was mad angry... then got his ass beat
I'd love one of your yummy jew cupcakes...not riding these days  however  as fat can testifies  so no cupcake for me! :(
jizz in my pants is old news nigga. Keep up LOL. instead of doing it locally just come over early and do it here. Fuck local shit
because the sandman is being a punk ass ho...
hell yeah fucking losers lol
Oh Shit!  I am a yoga loser. But not any other kind of loser.  I have already showed up once with no class  alas.
yeah i am glad i have the next 2 days off.. I just have to get through xmas eve and the weekend afterwards. damn gift cards
Well damn  that means you working wit something!  Lol..
A nice monster. I would wanna be the closet monster that hides in the closet but really im just nice and want a little kid friend to play with :]
yo I only peeped the last 30mins-and I saw here and THOUGHT it was her but figured  naaah this bitch looks way broker  lol yikes
I get that too! It sucks!
My face :/
its been too damn long! Really since the AHH Breeding Ground...
when was the last time you were disgusted by somebody elses behaviour and what did they do?
What rights should the father have if his unmarried girlfriend wants an abortion?
You didn't imagine it. It was the  get away from her you bitch  climax scene being parodied.
a pussy snow
I don't have one anymore i deleted it
imagine a building. not any building...a fucking 300 acre building full of weed....not any weed...but Caucasian Monkey-fuck Weed!
I'm counting down the milliseconds til you OPEN THE DAMN BOX.  if I have the patience of a saint  you have the willpower of a GOD.
faka... update your twitter you fucking homo sapien.
I want beach now. Damn.
better give   the #nerd prize. he's the nicest nerd i know.
I actually appreciate the Goldman's unending seething hate for OJ. It warms the heart on those cold cold nights.
I blame Alexx for making me put 'I love to say fuck' on my ipod
say say say _________? finish the verse
ouch that sucks..
Doesn't he look a little like a more masculine  less crackhead version of Andy Dick?
haha thank you! haha
they made me shit ;0
#Paypal sucks. Someone is using my identity there and they refuse to do ANYTHING about it.
Would you feel major pain in your whole body for the rest of your life if it meant that one person you love would never feell pain or hurt again?
The 4 major food groups are sugar  salt  alcohol  and fat. At least the American diet is.
something you regretted after it was done?
Coat Rack Contest in the Fab Lab. I hate winter  but this would help channel emotions into something constructive.
well if u looking for more sex  watch the fat boy freaking his pillow thats now playing. Ewwwwwww!!!!
maybe he sldnt cum out in his mofo boxers n dance around hes guna b jumpin around n his junk fall out
have a safe flight.....damn now you make me want some jamba juice
Remind me never to piss you off. LOL
Also entered the contest  Whore-ay!
I hate it when that happens!
What is unbelieveable to you?
Blahhhh
No  you just piss out anything your body won't absorb.
y'all are so fucking classy. miss you!
Geek. Only because nerd is to harsh.
fuck u and ur fucking break =/
Aww... Dnt hate the weather  rain can be so soothing sometimes!^^ I still have one more test DD:
Strawberry-Banana Smoothies from Jack in the Box ;D Yah dig?
yeah except i'd be scare it'd eat my face off.
I hate to keep sending this link.. but you never got back at me.... Whats good.. 
Eff yeah! give   and   a slap on the ass for me
i've been up for damn near 40 hrs...i'm trying to go to sleep...
yeah go ahead and play victim  i do know you nico. thats how i know your a player.
your cute ;) dump jaybee and come talk to me
Its just the way this world works these days. haha
k im hella boredddddddd hurry the fuck up i saw my bro playing it  game looks sick
Oh man  that sucks.   can you help   out?
No....Always been happy....never quite gay...
I love them too. Though I have to say that Sylar is my favorite villian in the show. I love to hate him. Hehe.
penn and teller pussy?
Me too. Just saw an update on the news... scary damn storm!
dam..she cold and she cold in live..by any means necessary you gotta do what you gotta do except for hate of course..lol
Damn skippay; tryna make my toes shine for '09.
I had a wedding to go to in columbus lastnight and today im just chillin with my baby all day in our new apartment :]
Cool  I've arrived. It's about damn time too....Merry Christmas Doll!
hate it all you want but its a hit record. And Jumpin Out the Window is by Ron Browz. I know its gotta be hot in NY.
that sucks!  U must spread the word!!
When was the first time that you had beer?
Damn you for seeing the season premire over a month ago!!
damn u i wanted to see sexy lesbian porn lmao
i give up fuck aim. ill ttyl.
i'm late but my damn pic mail ain't sending nowhere. they said i need to add the app? wtf?
yuck... that is going to take a long ass time...
how often do you download songs you hear in commercials?
I hate when I do that. ;0)
you can have my dick. Its delicious
damn  that sucks that I missed her. I take it she is gone already...
nope tabitha jai locascio idk who she is but she is a fake. :/ i use to live in idaho but i moved to texas
yes.
wow r u serious? damn did that period of time skip over you? lol
Not really. Atlantis was okay. Old Star Gate on now. Was about to watch Numbers. Might do Sudoku instead unless u ready u fuck :)
Could you  would you eat a caterpillar?
Do you own slippers?
Have you had an std be honest? Im sure half of y'all have.
I'm actually pretty happy about myself currently. Buuut if I could  I guess it'd be to be a little taller so I could be a model. :] haha
Do you eat cheeseburgers?
WOW what a loser. I hope seth has some good male role models in his life.
hahha your fine :) i like your questions.
RODNEY ON PAGE 1! However  covered up by Lost. FAIL SCI-FI! FAIL WHALE.
they don't do any of it. Them they try to front afterwards  like  I did this and that to him last night!  I hate when chicks lie
is officially too gay to function!
yeah idk either  i honestly think its that person we were just talking about  the one that annoys you
I think I was slow on the uptake there  I thought you meant some unamed specific char not in general. Retard day..as usual. XD
Being an atheist means we dont need to believe. We choose to believe either because their is no proof or because god has done nothing for us. We may not believe in god but we do believe there is good reason to not believe he exists.
here's how to teach you phone to say fuck properly. Don't tell your parents. 
no komment
the punk ass pistons?
What's your favorite music video?
It is totally rad  I assure you. But being a loser with no life outside the internet  few people ought to see you in it. ^__^
Favorite nickname somebody gave you?
We miss you back. My Haiku: Famous Dickenson  Exactly Why  I'm not sure. Her poetry sucks.
aw I'm a cap too. I'm so gay. Anyway I'll be in ny around then...
I don't have a damn clue what you're talking about. I'm just now on Better Halves.
and people are always telling me they hate research ha ;)
I hate to harsh your buzz  but every game on the iPhone can roll the bones by shaking. Do not pass go  do not collect my $7.99
UGH! That sucks! Do you know if they found it? Stresssss :( I'm sorry
YHUUU READY TO GET YHUR A$$ BEat THIS SATuRDAYY?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!!!??!?!????!?!?!?!?!?!!??!!??!!??!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!???!?!?!?!??!?!?!?
stop stealing my schtick  whore!
It's got a core of uranium  some damn thing  I don't know. Gets up there like Sputnik.
What are you having for dinner? Who is cooking? Do you cook your own dinner?
The guy who runs it is a major dick  underpays or doesn't pay models. He's harassed me and belittled me.
btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
How long does it take to get over a bad relationship? (bad does not imply violent)
least? someone that got mad  hurt  or upset because of me
Tabi  text me?
Sorry  J We can't afford bad equipment in our work. I'll give good thoughts  maybe put in a good word with the fat man up north
hahahhaha I hate that!
ew u slut get on skype 333333
Really?!?! Thanks?! haha
I Havent Gotten 2 that part!! haha
damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
God damn it  Louis!
dude the talk about universe at #LeWeb is awesome. As a nerd guy you have to watch it
hahahaha :) I'd say it was a little bird but i think it was one smart cookie
LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
np you are happy with the service? do you have anything to compare to? I hate 3 not working out of cities. and whirlpool likes exe
kill them
i hate pret
yah she does
Not to my recollection. but funny you ask  because my brother just did that and busted our neighbors chair at my sisters grad party this past sunday. it was hilarious!!
Damn girl ... Your house was dirty.
Santa Cycle Rampage Ride starts at 10:30 at the Fat Abbey Bier Cafe (Juneau and Water). Bring your best red and white costume.
chicken veggie penne. Its amazingg :]
lulz. fat chance!  good news is no bacn from friends adding you :D
Right on eh! Fucking Fake Canadians cease and desist with using Canadian flags on your backpacks or I'll rip em off for you
You have an inbox folder for CYA  Covering Your Ass?
just use water  loser.
Wet the toothbrush or brush dry with the toothpaste?
Well fuck yeah!!!! how about allston?   imma try the one in jersey   I got my 2day bamboozle tics today
that would be one shocking pussy lol
yes today sucks already indeed.
I love you like I love to sing. I love you like I love to swim at night. I love you like I love my kitties. I love you like how I love to day dream about you. Someday you'll realize I do love you  for now bffls I guess
Damn! Which episode?
lenee  that bo*o ass incense you gave me smells like an episcopalian funeral. lol! choked out saturday night  etc.
I remember driving in freak snowstorm in Tallahassee..92 I think--almost flipped the ambulance ;)
I will super hero my ass out there and blow the tire up myself!!!
umm just put on sum gloves Jia...damn stop being so prissy lol
it's one thing if it's my friends using it on me  but I hate when 23 year olds message me on OKC and call me that or Older woman
don't get too fat or you'll turn into a boomer
we are fucking cursed we started 6-2 wtf it always happends
I ment boyfriend u know  like the kissing the hugging estera.....unless u do that with your best friend lol :D
Love you too april hahaha
Madonna concert w/  @lcastinado. got here in 15 mins and got free VIP parking. Sweet-ass!
this only makes me hate having a verizon contract even more.  erg.
I'm blocking you because you have no value. Go back to telemarketing  or some other loser marketing scheme.
I don't bother arguing that about Bush anymore because people who admire him have damn near no power post-2008 elections.
My best friend is married to a guy that has a little 2 year old girl
damn kenny u need emotional condoms and shit son.
Oh damn. Saw the trailer for Dark City Looks gooood
My face :/
Sure glad you found something better to listen to. Would hate to hear you make the news  that  way
not bad haha:] ive had to take 2 minute showers before. ugh those are a challenge haha
ditto bitch!
Are you stubborn?
better give   the #nerd prize. he's the nicest nerd i know.
your kind of a such fuck you know that right?
hello :)
NOONONOONONNNOONONNONONONOONON cock mongler..... you didn't eve nstraighten it...
I have no idea why I live here. It sucks in the winter.
YOU NEVER CALLED ME.
u can scroll my page. thanks.
Not to my knowledge.
fuck off dude  don't waste my time...
That sucks  at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
lol just rhyming  gay i know
No  I HATE those commercials! Just GROSS. *gag* Okay okay  you've got an hour before showtime. hehehe 
wow.. Thats how people get fat haha
do you listen to your mom??
  Nnnaaaahhh...60th follower sucks  I want to be 61st!!  YAY me  I'm 61st!!!
ignorance is my guess  but this could very well turn into a nerd rant  and that would get   all worked up
I WANT TO SEE THE GHOST INSIDE!! DAMN IT!!
goddamn it kj...fuck you 74 times 
no but i should more often im sure
damn that sucks
the Illuminati ;they can suck my dickk 
:-)  My line in the sand: watching shows on my computer screen. HATE it. w/42 inch plasma  groovy sound  you can never go back.
they mad that they don't grind hard enough to get signed  reason why a lot of ppl hate Charles Hamilton
What's your favorite kind of sandwich?
I know  it sucks right now  doesn't it? :(
so u hate christmas 2?
damn that store! ~*Krystle*~
Wait. Are you Cheyenne? I sent a request to you? Wait  why is your name Tabitha?? R u fake????
Does it bother you that travesti immitate your favorite singers?
I'll forgive you beth :):) it's just I'm staying home today sick  which pretty much sucks hard
wait a minute  you tellin me after I smoke I contain heavy metal on my clothes?? Fuck yeah man! 
  and  @asthepumpturns. Yeah  I am a mean mean person. Horribly judgemental towards one specific victim. Poor guy. Retard.
Haha  damn him indeed
wen eva ya ready
man i'm jealous of your day! i'm also hooked on twitter. damn arv. like i needed another procrastinating tool like this.
i hate school =(
I hate it SO SO SO MUCH.
Sounds like good times. I'm in the office until 7:00 and then I'll probably go for a run. I'm a fat boy getting fatter.
am deleting all that bell-end Pineapples comments  so he keeps posting more. Cunt.
I don't know  but I hate mass DMing.
You were searching for an Italian? Damn! I thought you were offering services.  I never get it.  No Italian here. Scottish...
His name was Richard Bell and he was also a fireman who rescued 12 old people from a tenement fire. NOW who's the dick?
You're very annoying
haha no I'm just trying to fuck with him
problem is having more than 1860 followers  it's hard not to piss someone off. i just worry it'll be someone i consider a friend.
ha! not the stomach ache part the big and fat part
I want beach now. Damn.
Everyone knows .ass is inherently superior to .srt  it's in the format.
What to snack on at the movie theatres?
lmao rite chea boo hehe
OMFG!!! nooo wayyyy!!! Ughhh BROOOKKKEEEEE OMFG!!! im soo srry lmao lots of pplz r frmh ZEW ZEALAND! lmao I fukkinnn luvv yuhhhh hahaha!
Boo  to be fair they shouldn't give away your room. Kick their ass!
creative things.
fuck you  man. you can pick on garden state  but leave pushing daisies alone.
I do yoga. :]
no
fuck u and ur fucking break =/
anger and greed.
Myself Bubbly Funny?
ohh everytime I see that nasty ass husband  wants me to beat the shit outta him
Nope.  Don't know.  My voice sucks either way.
why do i hate DMs? so many reasons... one is: you can't send them to someone if they're aren't following you. what a pain that is! :)
volleyball
how did you meet dad BITCH!
im his wife :)
what's gay about a sausage squirting at you?
How tall are you
Sunrise or Sunset?
Do you take a lot of pictures?
FAT WHALE U still Floating  Did not SINK Yet?
Can he seriously help me out or are you taking the piss of him :)
If you won a million dollars what would you do with it?
Figured tis the season to be fat. For a bit. And then start working properly on weight in the New Year-A is coming to gym with me!
You're quite right. I withdraw my aggressive commenting. Fuck-ton should be more widely used.
Oh jeez  I had mercifully forgotten about fatman.  Should have been  assholeman-who-will-piss-everyone-completely-the-fuck-off. 
you're assuming they can presently afford them?  leverage is a bitch.
gah!  Damn you spoilers!  I'm only on season threeeeee!
hmm  foohl  i said dont approve xD
I had a wedding to go to in columbus lastnight and today im just chillin with my baby all day in our new apartment :]
my weak camera I hate it. I want one of the High-Tech cams. Like the one meldcole uses. His pictures always come out on point
LOVE 
i got bioshock for chfristmas form him yay bt it sucks i cant play it 
DAMN.
Fuck you and your family.
yes.
they don't do any of it. Them they try to front afterwards  like  I did this and that to him last night!  I hate when chicks lie
dupa cum vezi  eu mai putin cu excelurile  mai mult cu povestile ;o]
Switch Bitch is one of my Faves...  what came first surrealism or drugs?   (Roald Dahl)
wow r u serious? damn did that period of time skip over you? lol
That sounds like Charter.  I hate Charter.
lolss mhe tew
(: ahaha hii ceara..
damn thats frickin wack  hope u still get paid nicely.
hehehe. mine pleasure. Btw I too so loves it  when people be presumptous pricksy wicksies! feel jolly nice for me ass to rub on.
What lip did u get pierced O.o?? ;)
-.- you're pictures aren't on photonucket.r I just checked.
YES :)
Camping with a ton of friends or hotel with a few friends?
Mine would be This Love  This Hate. It was the first one I ever heard of theirs. My favorite one not on the cd is The Natives.
I hate being behind those slow as plows. In a storm  it's nice to be on the plowed road  but I hate going that slow. Ugh.
kick their ass babie
Fuck. So much pressure. But as good as Swingers is... He was a fucking pussy with his girlfriend. So I have to go with Made.
fucking stupid chat people are fucking idiots! Read what I said so I don't have to repeat myself five fucking times!
I'll let you know when I find out.  If it sucks I'm going to play it up even more so I won't be the only sucker.
My sound is being persnickety so I can't catch up on the vlog until I reboot  which I'm too damn lazy to do now. But tomorrow...
Pah. Loser. ;) Haahaha. Well done fella. Very interested to chat to you about it sometime!
If you could have anyone locked in a room so that you could torment them for a day  whom would you choose  and how would you torment them?
His ass needs to be put on blast so now his wife can see wtf he's doing.
Everyone Look  This Girl Was Using Missy Lockes Pictures And I Told Her She Was Fake  Then She Was Like Im Not Fake  Then She Took Bettys Pictures. SHES DUMB! 
Do you have your own bank account?:
Are you a morning or night person?
lol. So damn bitter this morning.
fuck. YOU. Lost the game.
this sucks ass!
thank you  she's such a big baby. lol But such an incredible dog. hate to think of life without her pain in the butt self
too much dick on tv wat with dickies real deal and diagnosis murder.... Oh and that jeremy kyle !!!!
random song of the day?
if u get a stye is it from seeing a dog shitting or fucking?  And what do I do with my fingers?  Consult H if u need to.
what is the last thing you did before you went to sleep?
What 3 things do you think will become obsolete in the next ten years?
because i'm a dumb ass.
did you see Mike Huckabee on Daily Show earlier this week? It got pretty intense with gay marriage topic.
I told you trial accounts were limited!  That sucks :(
I wonder if there are any sparkling vampires in the vincinity. XD OH EDWARD!!! (I really hate Twilight  lol.)
awe man that is going to piss alot of people off.
hey you know wat wud b funny? to find out who started tht lil cheap ass lie tht if u roll ur eyez they'll get stuck like tht! rndm
I was trying 2 use it the other day also  had the hardest time. I said fuck it &just called the person. It wasn't working.
we r so fucking on for real. I might leave after Josh  but i can't wait! _
ii lovee yuuu moree:P
HAHA WHYYYYY do you hate my school!? NOOOOOO :(:(:
yes that is how you reply. Sorry Ava but I hate the Gecko. Lol.
you are sucha nerd! Love it!!! V(^_^) haha
i forgot 2 call in gay 2day too! blast!
how about  bitchling pig  suckas! 
fuck off dude  don't waste my time  damn spam users again ...
ummm hes alright haha but not that much.
DINA!(:
Also entered the contest  Whore-ay!
That's my baby rightt thhere!(; haha but nah
What do you do when you have alot on your mind?
What was cured ham  cured of?
y is the sky blue?
alrighty 
haha ;)so.. have u ever been to france?
kkkk :]
I'm blocking you because you have no value. Go back to telemarketing  or some other loser marketing scheme.
I would call it being curious   but naah(: Aree you 
Like another language..i know some :)
what happens when you run out of Word of the Gay words. :)
mmmmmm it was awhile ago like idk really. haha but he kept textin me offa dk phone likeeeee 3 weeks ago maybe  buhh dont worry it was just friendly friend stuff haha :) i member how you guys ment ;D
Hot damn  champ right here! Had the old school TT shell helmet on for the whole trip. Backwards even! Huoooooooah!
Ummm SUMMER bein almost here! Who isnt? haha
I fuck wit the lows if there dope...but I know y'all got me fam I ain't trippin
oops but you're forgiven. Hope they win. I Never had a good exp. with a shelter  they hate us military types. Glad you did though!
the only thing I hate about Nikon is the dumb Ashton Kutcher ads they run.
Yeah  but we have Kass' weak wannabe columns.  Oh joy.
it pretty much is a fuck you card..
If you had your own talk show  who would your first three guests be?
LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
yup. have one
Damn how u burn spaghetti?
What one thing are you exceptionally good at?
Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
your MIGHTY attractive  <33 ;D
ah crap  I knew I was going to hate myself-must be bedtime.  How do you run a SB campaign though  must b for an existing site?
Awesome. Wouldn't have been near as funny w/o his contagious laughter or all the ass authorities making comments...
Because  Oh  for fuck's sake!  has so much more impact. And our generation likes to offend old people as deeply as possible.
Frankly  I'm shocked that they use coal at all around here... HELLO!!! Hydro anyone? There's a fucking OCEAN right there!
I do too know you like that  motherfucker.
Okae then bitch you dont got any quick comebacks now do you you fucking FAKE!!!/
It just sucks that so many use it as a crutch.
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
haha nah he didn't do anything I was talking about guys in general particularly a guy friend though and he was being a dick to  ...
LOL that would be scary! And yes  even if it is  positively  no woman wants to hear that! :) Plump  fat  chubby are no good!
true. Damn. The poor world is doomed!
Do you think some questions will never be answered?
What do you think about parwents who drink alcohol around their children?
What is your favorite movie?
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
Captain Jean Luc Pic-card of the USS Enter-prize  Captain Jean Luc Pic-Y'KNOW WHAT? FUCK YOU  TEMPLESMITH!
gotcha. No probs here but I expect her to stay up all damn nite next year. :)
ditto bitch!
yikes. That sucks. Sorry to hear that.
You guys have funny answers :] Do you read peoples answers to your questions like i do? :D
o ok change the subject. well who u cause iam her cuzzin
You have alot of clothes! Yur house is BIG and OMGEE Yur rich!!!
A nice monster. I would wanna be the closet monster that hides in the closet but really im just nice and want a little kid friend to play with :]
at least its not those nasty ass water bugs u had as roomates in Atlanta..Ew! Lol!
HATE.YOU.SO.MUCH.
What is the kindest  most generous act you've ever done?
Yeah  she did this huge ass rant to me about how i'm going to die alone and how i'm going to regret ever breaking up with her.
Damn! It gets so cold u have to plug it car in. That's rough. How many hrs of sunlight do u get?
I have my nipples pierced. ha
hahaha. once years ago when he was sleeping I applied some to his lips. I hate it when guys hve better lips 4 lipstick than me
  spent last evening AND this morning begging for forgiveness. WHO says that to a 6-year-old? Stress sucks!
Who's the funniest person you know?
hate? i was congratulating you  your a humanitarian!
Don't you just hate deciding on things.
  damn you...
was just joking...hate people who act that way
Dependss 
Hoe
Always. haha sorry i didnt answer last night. I was half asleep when you called.
I didn't know you were an avid football watcher. Is that even football? I think it is. Fuck sports.
I hate them. So much.
I know he is prolly tryna fall back  but I just wanna make sure ain't nothin happen to his ass lol. cuz usually he text  or sumthin
your mother's a bitch.
have you ever seen the goonies? if yes then what character do you most relate with?
If you could have invented one thing  what would it have been?
church can also suck my dick.
Awhh shit Dx who your man.?
Where are ya From??=)
Are you double jointed?
get your ass here !!!
Not at all
Not to me :/ damn though. i hate being sick.
haha keep saying shit ill kill you
damn clean plate and the cl;ean bones lol.
Yep  it's blocking the absurd hate ur preparing to throw my way in 5....4...3.....2......1
Why does CHUD hate kids so much? 10 years from now  they're your readers!
what?!?! im sorry!!!!!! ill kick his ass for you if you wish i got some pretty wicked awesome ninja skills :)
That's ass. I know how u feel. I dropped mine on the street last week and cracked the screen. But I stil have mine...sorry :(
First.
Dick Clark looked sloshed last night? I was thinking animatronic.
fuck sleep you gotta stay up late so u can see santa!
Just admit ur a lesbian drug addict who flirts with guys  its okay(:
Then she changed roles and she is a little less bitch from hell but still  her sting has too much barb.
you ass. Yay Walmart!
lmfao im telling yew
as your personal stalker  I will be crashing your lunch tomorrow. Um  where is it? Damn  stalking is hard.
Not fist fight. But a serious fight  yes. haven't we all? ha
may be... but I hate them...!! cannot even imagine forgiving n forgettin..no ways..
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
I would have laughed so damn hard.
Mall or Park?
definitely true! :D i've been learnin it for 5 years cuz i've frensh origins haha ;)
Who is the person you trust most?
well what if i dont have a favorite? what am i supposed to say then? lol
you're so gay. I hate lonestar.
Are you ready to TWEETBOOOOOOOOMB!!! *that damn song fades in  just like at sporting events*
jesus fucking christ lmao
yeah. subconscious sucks sometimes. always telling me what I'm doing is wrong. Most of the time it's not. :)
oh come on. I mean  we all love to hate MyZou  but it's one thing to hate MyZou and another to take a time machine to the 70s.
I would only fuck you if I was drunk... lulz.
He can be a nice guy  but he is such a dick when it comes to fabsubbing that it is ridiculous.
ugh that sucks! I couldn't imagine if that happened to my DVR!
lmao. i take super long showers
aww  that soo sucks D:
Wow  that sucks  work at home day?     I couldn't agree more  good day to be under the covers  relaxing.
What? Who is this?
SUPERMAN!!!((:
fuck. :( 3
what is your most embarrasing moment?
who is this kayla she sounds like she like short stack
Oh  but you got to sleep those lovely lazy extra hours while I was sliding on ice trying to save my ass for bruises from V.
lol the fuck what concert was that
Fuck you Ian  I know you're using a joke book!
holy fuck. i would just make pasta or something if i were you  that is ridiculous.
Hello there :]
Yes she is by blood. Always has  always will be :)
sore  whale-like  sleep deprived...  only 7 mnths ;-) Altho' prolly won't make it to 40. Now don't you wish you hadn't asked?!? :)
I send you a hug ma. That sucks! 08 was full of some fuck shit  I'll say that.
Whoa! What an idea SirJee ... But thanks. I hate kids :-P
damn  won't be going to that.
yeah... it sucks...
Not to my recollection. but funny you ask  because my brother just did that and busted our neighbors chair at my sisters grad party this past sunday. it was hilarious!!
Nope. I don't eat much meat actually but I don't think I need to label myself to eat what I want when I want it. lol. I lovee me some veggies <3
Loser! Are you back for Chrimbo or staying out there?
says  no more pizzas for the situation room! or else we will be fat when the war is over... 
im bout 5'9
wonder why im in it? and whos it was
wtf is up wit ur cheeks?? chipmunk much??
/emo damn you.
hate to bring bad news  but if your VW won't jump  chances are the belt or alternator is shot. For your sake  I hope it's the belt.
I want to fuck you. Are you a blondie?
Oh  Hannah  I am so  so sorry for your loss. I've done the deathbed vigil and it sucks. I hope your pain eases with time. Love
i hate godaddy  dont use them.  i have my own server.   uses a good one.
Somewhere in my own land  living off of what I can do and grow and live. be self sustainable and not apart of society.
WOOT!! 8 pounds is AWESOME! YES  you can! 1 pound at a time... I need to get my ass in gear ;)
Are there any bruises on your body?
What the Fuck? Did I die? #6wordepitaph
he won't wanna pet the guinea pig?
uh uh u fucking bitch. haha dont take any coats  skinny jeans  slippers  gloves  bomber hats  or scarves.
twins! we've been watching this one guy  he sucks with a hammer
Yes it is lots of fun :) I wouldn't mind learning latin. Its a dead language of course but apparently there are a lot of good things you can get out of latin and a bunch of things are based on it.
damn yew just hurt my feelingss
Do you wish someone was with you right now?
ROFL! You got me. Monkey would totally kick Bruce Lee's ass. I bow down to your superior wisdom.
canadians always make me think shut your fucking face uncle fucker!   
Name everyone that made you smile this week
haha thanks. I hear that a bit.
ATM Rue 21;D Or Forever21 <3
oh no  I always try to make my desk look neat. Fail whale. There are always newspapers piling up  cables are worse!
the iced media party. Long ass day at the office  time for a drink or 3
(:
no prob.. that's a good point! =( man this sucks...
heart
I feel like a damn fool I brought two winter coats to atlanta..and for what? ITS HOT DOWN HERE
hahaha thanks a ton. I laughed when I read it :]
I don't hate you. My last partner was 130 lbs and I got him up to 165 lbs of solid muscle. I hated him 4 looking better than me
Hey  at leat you got SOMETHING. Know what we get at work  as I found out 2day? NADDA! Bah hum bug! Damn scrooges!
lmao! V  
i've been bobbypinning mine back daily.  i hate stupid bangs.  i don't know why i continue to think its cute
Hahaha  Testosterone Man!!!  I met Mega Bitch Soccer Mom the other day. She took the time to stop  honk her horn   flip me off
Oi you.  I'm no troll.  I sent you one damn tweet.
  damn  I'll put me kecks back on and put the camera away then?
What do you think Victoriau2019s secret is?
u ever play beer pong?
ididnt write dhat
mac and cheese
My pussy is still sadly missing.  *blinks*  Do you think this will affect my popularity.  *evil grin*
oh man  I'm having a nerd heart attack
maybe you should give it a go. I tell IE that I hate it everyday and recently it's been very nice to me :)
lmfao! See this why I can't fuck w u! U kno I'm dead offa that Al B Shep!....
Ehh maybe.
Just had a big ass waffle breakfast and am catching up on games from 08
Do you know any mechanical stuff about cars?
ok  I had to say cock-blocked cuz  you know  it's a rooster. But apparently favrd doesn't like me
damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
damn! i knew if i had said nobu that auto-tune would already be hummin
I hate you with the hate of a thousand hates. ;)
That sounds like Charter.  I hate Charter.
its stupid.
aw I'm a cap too. I'm so gay. Anyway I'll be in ny around then...
I've been called a pig  if that helps. Recently  even
If I could run OS X on a Toughbook  you're damn sure I'd get one today.
What was your favorite toy to play with as a child?
whiterabbit819 stFu u ass i care and thats all that matters!
I like programming...but i hate theoratical sujects...like computer architecture
that's bad ass. I'm right on portage and wise. Hang outs and drukenness should ensue. If you need help moving hit me up
idk yet. prolly no one cause my boo wont cook anymore for some odd reason and im sick so i wont be eating. usually i do but here lately i havent ate much
i just fucking beat you!
will ferrell can suck my dick. go on yim!!!
No? Is it possible. ha
many times haha
i dont think so
and you called me fat why?
 just when I thought you're running outta material  I come home n here's your Ass  LOL
damn iPhone keyboard. I find it astonishing that even in this era of social networking you can still be alone on a crowd
Rate yurself?
that really sucks :-( I could have recommended you an amazing chiropractor!
no it shows safety
Is there anything that can make you sick just by smelling it?
except when there is a cat being held above my mom and the word gay~ is being used. lol.
We have exits ramps that are for getting on and off at the same time  when most states have them separate. Most people don't realize that :) haha
guess who made a fucking surprise in my dreams last night you butthead!!! thanks to you Martha Stewert loves my dreams! baaah
if you don't know who i am  why follow me? get a fucking life and stop bitching about the past
oh that sucks! apply for targets/walmarts
jealous! I will still hug u  lick ur face off  grab ur ass  and dry hump u a little bit when I c u.  Whatever!
Fat ass!
To all the people saying that Tabi is fake: Shut your faces. She isn't fake  I know for a fact.
Oh I am coming with  ahhaaha  ah man  fucking starting children  gets me every time.
FUCKING ELLAS A RETARDED CUNT ALOT OF PEOPLE COULD DO A BETETER JOB THEN HERE SHES RACIST AGAINST BLACKS
OMG where? that sucks!!
Umm like; sure(x
I hate it when I forget little details like that. You could always have him wear sunglasses. LOL
Your at a club  a bitch gives you a dirty look  starts laughing while pointing at you! You _______?(WHAT DO YOU DO) guys;; Do you start drama or are you the ones who shrug it off?
I didn't think about drinking every time she said  maverick.  Damn. Could have done it every time she talked about energy  too.
Fuck that! I feel awful for you  having to wait out there!
I would not be proud of that. That just means you're a whore or a polygamist.
yes.
LOL! not bad for a gangsta bitch...wo pretends to be classy...LOL! I love the holidays. My fav... 2nd to my Bday!
Do you sleep with your closet doors open or closed?
LOL FAT NIGGAZ UNITE FATRON!!! HAHAHAHA
damn those cute puppies!! How many gadgets I have lost for them.
oooh I had the sneezes for three days.  Dr. said it was going around but I had no other symptoms.  I hate to sneeze1 Fine now.
--well...i had to pee...and my stupid ass lifted the seat with the same hand i was holdin the phone in...then...PLOOP!!!
... this is so post gay  it hurts .... NSFW! 
your MIGHTY attractive  <33 ;D
chicken salad :]
LOL! The out-of-town revelers are arriving early for NYE...Damn tourists
Yep. We are tweeting each other too. Mostly with messages like  U R A NERD.  Indeed  he is the man of my dreams :-)
i hate your face sounds EXACTLY like something i would say.also reminds me of a drunk girl trying to fight me and
wow  damn I would have been pissed   that...
What's the best invention EVER made?
Jupiter gets its name from where?
hahahah aw.  i support the faux-man hate.  although  i tend to support real-man-hate nowadays  too.... =/
What's your favorite kind of fruit pie?
Mind your own state politics. Joe Smith was a mammal before a prophet. Some mammals are gay and even heterosexuals have anal sex.
YES!~!!!!
I hate when that happens.
had to document it just incase i was going mad myself. and i don't even like cock. what are they trying to suggest?
what if it could be all 3 that would stink on 2 levels  but I bet it is a fat bonus  or ur picking up his backyard
oh man  I'm having a nerd heart attack
do you think youre more serious or sarcastic?
omg son i JUST figured out how to reply to youuuuuuu. i hate this lmao
What are your plans for the weekend? I'm going to Miami :] <3.
fuck. :( 3
It did  then my fucking dad turned it off. I just don't think it likes your movies. I was tryin to watch Nanny Diaries.
but seriously...  WHY THE HELL ARE YOU STILL ONLINE????  Were you injured in god damn 'NAM or something???  GO!!!
 Text me bitch!!! :)
they don't use Euros yet? damn lol
you guys need to stop w/ the gay martin sargent godaddy ads. I was glad that loser was gone but now he's back in the cheesy ads :(
mhm o wow
Mmmhm!
Do you prefer regular or chocolate milk?
Fuck again. Call 1800QZAK. Then your problems will be solved. I might even get you a discount
it was so busy last night! Then hella people came in   min till closing  I was all mad cuz I had to make their damn drinks haha
Nope
I wanna get him a ring that means  ur a great kid to fuck 
Yeah.  I hate vinyl.  We have tile but I have the same troubles unless I clean daily.  Gonna try my all terrain steam vac on it!
Do you think we will always find a reason to go to war?
I never said anything about lovin ya  dick cheese  just that I say your name alot  probable with fuck in there somewhere
Thanks for the follow.  By the way  I LOVE the mantra:  Find out what sucks  don't do that   Words to live by!
bitch better share this vivid alt shit isnt doing anything for my vagina and its moistness. fuck.... EON I WANT TOSEECOPULATION
hahahah  I love your Bio (; OH OH OH question.. WHY CAN'T PEOPLE SPELL?! VV (:
I also want to tell you that your PoP review is spot on. I don't get why there has been so much hate directed at it.
I want beach now. Damn.
i'm actually refreshing wil wheaton's blog right now to find out about his incredible announcement. i just can't help my inner nerd.
wow. your dad looks like a total bad ass!
 damn you and your constant banoffee pie mentions!! Very tempting LOL
ps...ur cute...ur good looking  your funny  your a dick  your an ass  your cynical. I LOVE IT!
Damn if TJ doesn't like your music  it must really suck. This guy will cosign anything
I hate to point this out  but didn't you call Death Race awesome? DR will make my bottom 10 list w/o a doubt.
I hate Juno. That movie blows!
nahhh not really
psh bitch I'm at work running 2 trains with a 70 minute wait stupid kids and dumber parents I don't wanna hear it
damn. lol. let me try something else. hot lesbian sex. nekked girl on girl. free porn.
Nope  I need no ass glass today =)
some squatter got it long ago. And you my friend are a dick ;)
I hate all my classes. None of them are interesting :( (Classes  lessons in US I s'pose)
kicks dons ass. *HUGS*
THAT WAS FUCKING EPIC.
omg that so fucking sucks
That really sucks.
fuck andre! it's strippers lol you coming home to him!
When Im sad I get quiet. More emotion is shown when Im angry than anything. Im pretty good with keeping my emotions concealed.
NSYNC or Backstreet Boys?
damn  prolly not! Now  I wanna know! LOL
katrinaneufeld Does a French whore smell better or worse than ur down home Blackstone variety?
which keyboard do u hate? I hate iPhone keyboard. Yes touchscreen is cool but I WISH I had actual buttons 2 push! Less typo's
Fuck you and your snow! Or  bring some of it down here? ;)
ignorance is my guess  but this could very well turn into a nerd rant  and that would get   all worked up
do you like bodtf?
Lol  I'm not enough of a LOTR nerd to need to install Tolkien fonts. :)
fucking Bretts. I am pining my hopes on Garrard ans Jacksonville cause the fucking Jets suck.
hell yeah fucking losers lol
that sucks that the internet is being twitchy. Hope it works soon. :(
oooh  I wish I could! but then I have to shave my widow's peak to get them to hang right. And what a bitch to grow back! LOL
serious? they are a good band :D
and somehow I still wish I was there  pig parts and all. Amazing.
hate you both!!
damn I cant get it then  I dont wanna upgrade to 2.2 cuz then I lose my jailbreak
awww feel better! i hate it wen tht happens to me
WTF! Why did you not pick up your phone yet a mother fuckin gain! Are you trying to tell me something? I called you twice damn it
ass get out its ur last day damn it!
Love or Hate?
that sucks :(
Do you likee chicks?
hmm..i dont think there is anyone.
LOL  no he said  What do you call a jail cell to a gay guy? Paradise! ahaha.
Get Shit Done Day is almost over  fuck it  you should come
Thanks for the follow.  By the way  I LOVE the mantra:  Find out what sucks  don't do that   Words to live by!
no im definately a bigger nerd than you.
hate you so much
damn i was worried if you knew it was me
Are you willing to travel for your dream job?
Ohhh I hate snow days because then we have to make them up later.
I'm going to fucking Florida on Friday. FUCK THAT SHIT
Rooster is my bitch!
I love big bang it is hilarious..and makes me not feel lilke such a nerd. btw how is the jonas situation?
I see the theory  but I have decided to have a pizza and fuck off  which is easier.
what are youu talking about GAYY'BOYYu2665  idid textt you back  YOU didnt text me back!?
no i didn't actually
any workplace where that isn't safe needs to harden the fuck up :p
would be at least 4gb at a guess. I ain't using it ATM  if you don't leech ur ass off you're welcome to lend it
I was wondering the same thing. Watch quiet a lot 'Comedy Central' but did not come across this guy! Damn me!
FUCK YEAH BIOSHOCK! Tell me how the apartment hunt goes!
Possibly
argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
are you off bitch? I want BM it's my best friend! Damn it....hey don't forget FullMoon Getogether tonight
I can see it now.  Listen  you cow-loving yahoos  just put all of the slurpee in this bag! What? Cups? I don't need fucking cups!
THANK YOU! It's not just me. Gay guys are hot as hell.
damn never ever in life took a sip? lol... good times bro
and then prue  Phoebe from charmed came over but then the robots came back  i had to run but some boy saved me lol #Random
I used to have a ton more than i do now. Why aren't we friends on fb yet??? hahaha
Love. its the kryptonite to anything you think you can accomplish without it. its the human kinds weakness to other beings. always.
I've had a lot in the last year.
That sucks..  Stuff working yet?
damn dude what happened?
There was a MAD ABOUT YOU/ DICK VAN DYKE crossover about a decade ago.  Carl Reiner reprised his role as Alan Brady.
anyone or someone particular?
god a free cure show! damn!  I didn't know about this  I live close! ugh lucky lucky how was it??
you said fuck everyone!
We miss you back. My Haiku: Famous Dickenson  Exactly Why  I'm not sure. Her poetry sucks.
Yes! All of those twitters were directed at Frank Miller and his horrible screen play! DAMN YOU FRANK MILLER ILL KEEL YOU!
ummmm  people tell me i am. but i dont really show alot of people my stuff.
Yuck! Unless you are openly gay  consider yourself 2 be a drag queen...NO MAN should ever be rockin' heels nevamind stilettos!
does it wobble babi it be all ova da place
Thanks. Nothing just watching  Jack ass  Are you having fun doing nothing over there?
I hate the Panthers man!!! My cuz is a huge Panthers fan and I love to see him suffer when they lose... Lol
  I think the thing to note here is that everyone has an emo phrase re: romance in high school and eventually it blows over
How often do you get the hiccups?
ugh  aj is a fucking douchebag. he was wasted  of course and just really obnoxious. they weren't bad  but they weren't good=/
what your fave colour?
how do you no that??
both  think I liked the first one better. They both beat Harry Potter though  that damn rubbish.
grown ass kid lol
Have you had an std be honest? Im sure half of y'all have.
summer workout tape? How you gonna workout to Kanyes depressing ass album  ok  maybe 2 songs
well fine  cutest boy you know?
HOW YOU MET TWITTER BITCH!!!
Has anyone ever taken a picture of you while you were asleep?
Whats the stupidest thing you ever did with your cell phone?
#tcot if I only had the time. I hate it when conservatives say stupid things that make us all look bad.
i get that ha ha smart ass :p
Fat ass!
my denny's boycott stands. fuck steve harvey.
the cock is just a figure head on favrd
chest and arms haha
QuantumOfSuck is a wannabe Transporter 3...
it IS! It's the version that Dr. Whats-his-name died to on ER. Damn song makes me cry every time I hear it.
this sucks ass!
Fat Baby drinkinggg and listening to Duffy's band
still got that ass whooped haha.
with candles and a few good friends and family :]
pig 100% pig
no
well would you believe that youve got me Love Stoned?
well find him and kick his butt too! I hate it when people take advantage of the mentally challenged.
so do i! especially rocket. I hate celery though
what the? how the? damn it
Then you should probably join the Facebook piss up group that the council stopped.
Favorite lyrics?
l00k under yur bed...!
You are a Linux whore!
I hate you so hard right now.
them disagreeing with me
im sad there's only 15 more minutes left! i hate how it shows only once a week lol
If you think i care about what you think of me  then youve highly over estimated my opinion of you! bitch/
What are you tired of hearing about?
!f    wut yuH qon3 duuuu f  mii
totally loved Odo. But the Ferengi make my skin crawl. out of all the species  they're the ones i hate the most. yuck!
God Ashley is a bitch  but still  congrats! :)
why did you fuck it up. I could do it all day too. Let's do it when you have an hour. Ping me later to sched writing a book here.
i hate u. looooooool
if Q is there tell him he sucks. He's dark and plays suspect lol
SERIOUSLY! NO idea how happy this makes me. Also! The American Express commercial just came on. Damn he's cute.
ah sucks  maybe Redcliffe then  I guess it depends on what time I get up tomorrow haha
That ALWAYS happens to me! Damn skype.
Name 3 drinks you regularly drink?
nope. I love doggies
oh that sucks! apply for targets/walmarts
I KNOW I HATE THAT! (re: websites with music and no off switch!)
Have you ever pretended your crush was with you when they really werent?
Have you ever dyed your hair an unnatural color?
I don't wanna sound gay or nuthin'  but that sir... is an arousing pic.
Heh. Fuck 'em WHERE?!?
No can do  Maria. I'm going out alone. Don't stress about your shitty wombat friend. He sounds like a loser. Get some sleep.
Damn :(
When was the first time that you had beer?
R YUU STiLL WiT YO BF? (:
fuck no _ I'll be out there by myself.  That's my ALONE time. Meditate if you will. Me the pipe  the stars rflecting  thnkng
Nerd alert!
YOU TELL THAT BITCH SNOWSTORM NOTHING AIN'T GONNA GET YOU DOWN!
suntem dar ne gandem cum sa gasim o mascota care sa o putem scoate din dulap cand vrem sa acuzam pe cineva pt nenorocul nostru
Did/do you listen to your parents?
they mad that they don't grind hard enough to get signed  reason why a lot of ppl hate Charles Hamilton
Your at a club  a bitch gives you a dirty look  starts laughing while pointing at you! You _______?(WHAT DO YOU DO) guys;; Do you start drama or are you the ones who shrug it off?
Damn skippy. I demand to see you before I leave.  You going to come meet BlendMom?
dick van dyke is way cooler too.
Gah fuck off  tainting my private account with new followers. xD
How much money do you need right at this moment to be happy?
apologizing for overactive hormones SUCKS.
ha not that creepy. because it's week 10 and I'm fucking stressed out as hell. I wish I could take a trip down there x.x
meeting friend for lunch/coffee. Getting hair cut (although I hate that bit) and my works do in the evening!
I believe so :)
hey there  it's Mike aka FFF (Christy Canyon nickname 4 me-future florida fuck) A true pleasure 2 talk 2 u on air 2night.
Sucks 4 you!!!!!! Your just not a lucky ducky are you? First your phone  now this!
Please do...anything from you my sexy bitch!
What are your thoughts on earwax?
Joie is beautifulllll. :)
what the? how the? damn it
No
careful  soy joy will give you bitch tits!
fuck yo couch
Are we going to see an appearance of the 'fuck me' boots? :P
ooops that message was for your ass! LMAO!
Fuck yeah
:]
yep ur an uber nerd now
Rooster is LARRY'S bitch!
I'm doing nothing. I was thinking about going to the Flaming Lips concert  but hate going alone.
there should be pictures of him at fucking otaku's cosplay section
what do you always pray for?
Ewwiee! Nothing haha(:
you damn betcha
Ooo  yuch! Did he forfeit his ticket? That sucks. :( Tell him to go to Argentina instead  in my opinion  it's way better. :)
What would a chair look like if your knees bent the other way?
What kind of phone do you want?
Being able to control other peoples thoughts. hahahha
Wow! That sucks.
not at the time
If you could change something about yourself  what would you change and why?
you should start obsessing over him it might freak the delivery guy out.
you should totally go. And be all weird and crazy and freak the guy out
  everyone kind of just disappeared after the food  I'm not leaving it there for some jelly-bean givin jack ass to take!
Bugs Bunny or Mickey Mouse?
Mate it is. In Newcastle it was -1  down Bath -6  it's fucking brassic cold
I jokingly remarked to my man that I was an  internet whore   he thought it meant that I was a porn star. LOL He doesn't get it.
yes...and they are about to be fucking DISOWNED. *grumble*
Nope. Just cause i wouldn't do that. Im an awesome driver haha
Like another language..i know some :)
NOT A DAMN THING besides him leaving his macbook pro in my car because he was to lazy to get up and get outta my car
You are walking down the street on your way to work. There is a dog drowning in the canal on the side of the street. Your boss has told you if you are late one more time you get fired. What do you do?
nope can't deny that sweet face or lil schnauzer w/ ears~always wished Hildie had her pig tails~how is cropping still happening?
some retarded oracle peoplesoft login thing keeps coming up on my enrolment cart page and i don't know what the fuck is going on!
that wat u get for sayin u wasn't impressed lmao. The parkin tickets a bitch though
because they dont care
umm i well there is alot of bad things that have happened  but i like to look at them as good things that made me who i am  so  there isnt a worst.
Well idk who youu are  So ..hha im afraid of strangerrrs.
Nahhhh they're kinda neat to watch.
  I HATE THAT...
Agreed!  Twitter showed the way with the whale ;)
I'd like to get a signed copy of 'Running Like a Fat Bastard'. Pleez. Only this will complete my fitness lit collection.
fuck yes.
i decided since its almost your unbirthday that im gunna send you a present
Considering half of my fucking company has been laid off this morning   MY BAD DAWG  might be appropriate
i think that means ur gay. or a child predator.
argh I hate it when that happens
Oh  that sucks. Why I blew off my own appointment yesterday. I just couldn't face the wait.
omg who sent you a fuck you letter??
Dear Eron: the drums sound fucking incredible....  Er.. I mean godly incredible.
yes walks to raise money for cancer patients and I volunteer for adopt a highway! Gotta care about our mother earth :)
The doctor wasn't sure since I don't have a conception date. Joe-Bear was kind pissed. His quote was  Virgin Birth My ass.  Sigh.
I especially hate it when they make me lift up my feet to sweep under my desk. Sigh.
haha no I'm just trying to fuck with him
I noticed that and you are not a bitch. The other thing that she also doesn't have is class.
I love My Big Fat Greek Wedding! It's so hilarious. Tonight is a great night for romantic comedies.
Is there such thing in life as a selfless sacrafice?
what would you do if you were wading through a river and all of a sudden a fish jumped out of the water and puked on your shoulder and then called you a fucking bitch?
So you were a geek and gay at a very young age ;)
That it's that rare of a sentence is sorta depressing.  Especially in light of   's  Loser Cam  Xmas gift to me
no regrets.
yo peezy... celeb status already??? I mean damn.. it hasnt even been a WEEK YET!!! Eh..I dont mind and Im sure you dont mind :D
im not sure if i should taunt you with how awesome it is  or say im surprised it took this long to get snow hate twitters
Omg Justin Bieber!!!! :) haha.
ohh damn bummer
fuck u and ur fucking break =/
I thinks you meant to say that TWILIGHT was epic fail  not your mistake. I hate stephanie meyer and I've never even met her.
Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
Do you own any band tu2013shirts?
how did you meet dad BITCH!
Tabi  text me?
I used to have a ton more than i do now. Why aren't we friends on fb yet??? hahaha
Gee  i might if the person running this hadn't been such a bitch to me. I'll focus my efforts elsewhere  thanks.
I hate when that happens!
well if u looking for more sex  watch the fat boy freaking his pillow thats now playing. Ewwwwwww!!!!
welcome to my world: you're sick  some people think you're funny  others hate you  nobody wants to suck your cock.
I'm giving you fair warning to hate; high of 73 on wednesday  78 on thurs
well damn lol
ew I hate software. Btw you look like a white version of that Asian kid who shot up his school.
thats what you get for being a fat ass....FAT ASS...
i hate this this sucks butthole im so mad im pissed i told that person not to tell
i know  right? ;))
follow me  you jackass. i hate you sometimes.
it was a good show...dude!  Did you call in gay  rotfl
hahaha. once years ago when he was sleeping I applied some to his lips. I hate it when guys hve better lips 4 lipstick than me
Christmas guinea pig! Hooray!
what's gay about a sausage squirting at you?
I really hate bailing these guys out! They treat everyone like crap!
ur gay? me. u. mall. shopping!
or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
it's like gay people using the f word.  somehow  allowed.
laugh out loud
lol.. hate u both..
Does it bother you when people curse at you?
happy?
People are so fucking pathetic.  CHILDREN! Ughh~
FOldeD.
If it isn't broken  don't try to fix it :]
its ok decided not to go to fam party. going back to bed. wtf moon i hate you. wtf life. dead.
Do you think you could survive being a prisoner or war(POW)?
you'll be a a monit-whore.
did you come up with the  server-hugger  moniker  or what some other wise-ass?
wid wat?
Do you and Timmy have a KI pass? :D
YES! That's what I hate. It's like they were 'ugh wtf coffee break' and had someone else finish it.
Twerp is a word that needs to make a comeback.
enak aja! nick carter ga gay!!
argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
Happy birthday you damn sexy hobo!
lol fuck it 
horrified mum can squlor (he hasnt been gone long enough) Im a chiness pig its what we do riding this till the end of 2008
lmao!!! seriously and I live in the middle of BFE!! Will you combat being a glow stick or let winter be a bitch?
nope
<3 i love you!!!!!!!!!!!! LDS
YOUR A WHORE!
yeah I know it sucks  but out of chaos there might be a little bit of order...
I also lost my wallet over the weekend! its sucks  in my case I was just dumb and appear to have dropped it somewhere...
no. but i bet its cheesey
checked out the link. Holy ass...i think that fairy had seen that vid a million times cuz he was damn close! LOL
Is your middle finger longer than your ring finger?
lmfao! See this why I can't fuck w u! U kno I'm dead offa that Al B Shep!....
What? Yours WORKS? I hate you.
Who is the wind beneath your wings?
psh bitch I'm at work running 2 trains with a 70 minute wait stupid kids and dumber parents I don't wanna hear it
Here's an idea  how about stop trying o get hook up with Tabitha and actually find someone who can suck you 3inches dick  hahaha doubt that will ever happen. No girl likes a pevert and a douche(:
Seen a news article on why the SLUT wasn't running? The surface rail/trolleys I've seen on the east coast wouldn't have blinked.
#NAME?
  aw shucks you guys...are gay.
unfortunately i do =( it sucks!  i have my  2 last finals 2mrrw bc we had a snow day that other friday. i dont wanna go back!
 run over my a Hyundai and ass raped by Clay Aiken.  I would so prefer it the other way around.
RODNEY ON PAGE 1! However  covered up by Lost. FAIL SCI-FI! FAIL WHALE.
  I think the thing to note here is that everyone has an emo phrase re: romance in high school and eventually it blows over
Thank You  Thank You.  I would hate to get banned from either  but. Phew! My bad...
Whhenz yur birthdeyy.?
Whos the best person to talk to online?:
There's a dfference? Damn.
car accident :/
I still say my  Pulp Fiction  Fucking Short Version reaction is better.
she doesnt want to scar you for life like i could.  cant talk her into sending you the video of they guy with the jar in his ass.
Have you been in a serious fight?
Grammar nerd.
hot ass mess!!!! hahahaha
Aww... Dnt hate the weather  rain can be so soothing sometimes!^^ I still have one more test DD:
You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
yeeah  i'm a youngin' it sucks. i'm on the quest for a good one. no luck yet  though
the universal dance man
good u an ur no sharin ass LOL
who are you? oh uhmmmm HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU FRENCH WHORE!   Bed time last time im telling you 33333333 gots thats  ...
DAMN YOU! I just woke up and now this. DAMNIT! Oh baby PLEEEEEEASE! Give a little respect! TOOOOOO MEEEE! There  happy?
If anyone hurts Tabi  i will come to where ever you are and hurt you  physically :D I love you Tabbbbbi. (:
Would you rather be filthy rich with no friends or dirt poor with tons of friends and a dog?
DEAD ASS?!?!?!?!?!
I hate you so much.
Do you love Twilight as much as this? I bet this will be your new homepage. 
i think u and jack should date!!!:)
how are you such a hottie?
wow that really sucks. LOL.
That I can understand. And because I really can see both sides  it just sucks.
Oh man  that sucks.   can you help   out?
that's show is the bizness.. Why must we watch nasty ass sht
yes that is how you reply. Sorry Ava but I hate the Gecko. Lol.
Did you know you smell like an old man?
DUDE  ARE YOU SERIOUS YOUR SO STUPIDDDD >.> STFU!:) and btw  if your tired of people talking shit on your form spring  delete this accountt >.> and be yourself  are you that bad?
About how many pairs of jeans do you own?
I luhh u already! I dha grl dat wanna give u becky and sex
I should brush my bangs over my eyes and join you in emo grief.
What is boring to you?
You hate France? Are you there now? Why? Is it French boy?
Predictability Sucks!   WHUUP! (not being predictable)  Kev
Tommy blows cock! lol
did you just call me a bitch Grunny????..... ONYD!!!!!.... LOL
u better shut the fuck up wit that lol
you're gonna get fat!
your opinion really helped ;> thanks ;>
Did u watch bieber on oprah?
Hey aujala r
Favourite song atm (:
omg I know  everyone tells me I'm a twitter whore  lol
SHUT THE FUCK UP BEFORE I PUT A HAMSTER UP YOUR ASS!!
I always respond to that use of gay by asking if the subject really is  fag-o-licious 
Beep.hello moto.its TEEANNUHH. Do u hav stds?
hate  can'r do  atitude. can do works almosr all the time.
Give it back to them. I don't really hate anyone..
What is the kindest  most generous act you've ever done?
l
wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
Where's your favorite place to buy clothes?
Yeah im all alone currently waiting for timothy to get home. I miss him :(
women lie too. I know a bitch who was pimping herself out on craigslist. Yes  craigslist. I didn't believe it till that email.
I swear Michael Scott-esque loser somehow infiltrated your acct  bought lots of womens pantsuits  fur coats there.
Yuh already know who i am. Yuh adedd me on myspace 
I'M THE JUGGERNAUT  BITCH!
Ohhh I hate snow days because then we have to make them up later.
HAIR PRODUCTS? I hear Hair Products?? lol i hear your getting beat up us girls do stick together...against them bad ass boys
lady  i wanna fuck your tumblr.
i hate pret
I nominate   cuz he's thee Best Damn Troll we gots!! ;))
Do you ever take medication to help you fall asleep faster?
fuck off dude  don't waste my time...
YOU DONT EVEN FUCKING HAVE FAKES STOP THE FUCKING BULLSHIT AND GET A LIFE JEZUSS. HOW OLD ARE YOU KID? LIFELESS BITCH YOU NEED HELP.
Excited that yr friends get to see yr show. I hate them. ;) No  rly  I do. .....Sad that tonite is last show.  Hard to say goodbye?
why do we say heads up when we actually duck?
Is it too far of a stretch to just say that buying DRM'd music sucks?  Amazon sells mp3s too  y'know.
fuck you  change your name. Do you know who I am? (yeah  neither does my mom.)
Do you realize your comment on parents dying comes off as a tad insensitive? like a  sucks to be you  comment
that video made me angry  want to PUNCH Shirley Phelps Roeper IN THE FUCKING FACE!!!! MAN I HOPE THEY DIE! SUCH HATE! UNG
thats not funny i never am damn it lol
TASH! I miss ya crazy ass!!
:] you are fake though :D  that makes no sense lolol why would you keep faking all these formsprings  your stuuupid :p we all know the real ashlee girls formspring already  soo fuck off may you?
sorry i missed you   Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy  I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
Funny I always thought Job Security is dependent to how much ass you can kiss? (wait I guess they are one of the same if you think..)
he's a total loser spending his last howard stern money on internet sex
yes? Yes? Fucking YES?
who du u like
fuckk wee havee to muchh hatersss.!!<33 butt i lahh yhuu lexiii(: myy awesomestt step sisterr<3
Fuck  amen to that
yeah  it sucks. 6 yrs down here  realizing we dont get snow. just ice. and nobody can drive in rain  let alone ice
argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
dunno  I just saw her go at the top of stairs; It seemed like an ass slide.
Guys; why do you think girls pucker their lips in photos? Girls; why do you do this?
yo yo. so  i emaled you about the 30th you study nerd.  :-)  let me know if that works!  xoxo
-politicians should have to pass an ethics exam 2x yearly. I wonder if that's a piss test for them?
how many questions are in your inbox? :)
you were right  the uv filter that came with that kit sucks. freakin glare spots all over my shots
lacey's ass is just to big considering how lil she used to be...lol
you never posted your blog. and today is guest blog day. get with the program my slut pink zebra. LOL loveee you anyway!
So people are just ignoring me. :-( That sucks big time. LOL. Especially when I thought we were better than that. I see...I see..
uh bitch wtf is that suppose to mean?
losing winter insulation is one of the horrific side effects of Biggest Loser that nobody warns you about. It's brutal!
gav that just sucks!  u ok? i think the brakes would be best to stay on for now!!
   I hate calculus... :(
Yeah! This blond gay guy came to audition. I almost fell out of my chair when I saw him. He looked identical to chris corner!
way to damn hard
i was able to connect to may exchange with apple mail after they enabled active sync for my iphone. i hate entourage... so much
i still feel bad. I woke up at 2 am and was like fuck! Then i saw that carly called
DAMN!!!!! That could take a while!......I don't think any of my groupie's would confess anything. Okay  maybe ONE! Lol
will do :) ha I don't mean to sound gay but I have no layers in my hair after tour so well see how it goes ha
no freaking way what???
well today it was formspring but usually facebook
bahahaha i love you. and ugh i wish i was on my way to va with   fuck the weatherr.
fat.
damn  you twitter like crazy!
I think it sucks people r discussing it more w/out anyone involved being present. God forbid anyone EVER asked any of us about it.
go fuck yourself.
horrified mum can squlor (he hasnt been gone long enough) Im a chiness pig its what we do riding this till the end of 2008
no grown man should include DIP in his sentence....lol...I know I'm hatin but fuck it I'm lookin   snow..lol
As friends...but nothing more than that  she doesn't like me like that
faa lalala gay apparel daa da da daaa yuletide carol la la lala laaaa....
LOL  you may be right  the bb was the size limit for clipping for me  I think..oh  but I hate stuff in my pockets. decisions.
biiiiiishop!  fuck u want?  yo ass punk...
I love to draw. I took 3 years of Studio Art in HS and you had to turn in a portfolio to get in the class.. ;)
Describe your first REAL date?
that really sucks!
Yes  there is definitely an element of Bush fatigue in all this. Can't wait 'til we can ship his ass back to Texas.
MAKE A FUCKING VIDEO DAMNIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And have the best time ever on the Teacup Ride ^_^
Why do people kill themselves if a certain person does not love them?
Ooh  that sucks! Maybe it'll still turn up though. I've had pkgs get lost only to be found 3 wks later.
I'm going to watch him kick Count Adamar's ass and then it's off to feed the beast.
damnn dude  thats not cool. 3C here and raining. i hate being cold :|
Oh my fucking ~*gawd. *eye roll*
If rabbitsu2019 feet are so lucky  then what happened to the rabbit?
You just got a free plane ticket to anywhere. You have to depart right now. Where are you gonna go?
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
okayy.
DOG... ONE OF THEM WILL SOON CATCH YOU SLIPPING! THEY'LL PULL A GEORGE CASTANZA ON YOUR ASS THEN NEXT THING YOU KNOW  UR MARIED
um  coz you're awesome? and on another note...yo gabba gabba is fucking disturbing
No- shopping isn't what sucks! It's the crowds that cause the trouble. haha! Love your website btw!!
If laughter is the best medicine  whos the idiot who said they died laughing?
WHO IS NOVA????
THINK??? You THINK they are gay??? REALLY???? Have you watched the show???? and you THINK????
damn. Dude look like he was gonna be alright?
are you sick of hearing about michael jackson yet?
What colour is your bedroom?
lmfao umhuhh flaw buddiee
yea >_<
boyy dnt get hurt
get some damn sleep! Sleepy Time tea is my savior  serious
 Dude  you're gonna hate me! Here... more T-shirts for da T-shirt lovers      
Ugh. That truly sucks :(
and somehow I still wish I was there  pig parts and all. Amazing.
polly prince on a Along Came Polly.
hahah why?
man  that is fucking sad. reminds me of how my friend with PTSD went missing after iraq  homeless  for 4 months in vegas.
are you currently taken?
really i heard u guys got together?
LOL. It's true your frozen tundra trumps my lame half-ass kinda-freezing once-in-a-while sucky weather. You  Ice Princess!
I'm gay and I'm pregnant gak mungkin berhasil. This guy is persistent. Gmn ya. Can I just simply ignore his msgs??? :-D
YOU NEVER CALLED ME.
Oh no! I hope you're okay. I've taken a tumble on many escalators in the T  and it sucks every time. :(
when there is none left :P
OMG where? that sucks!!
Im so jealous. But I'll be eating that same rice pudding in 9 days. Enjoy the fuck out of your trip
hate u
if the sweaty ping pong player you're referring to is me  then I hate your guts.
i hope your asswhole gets sniffed by aids
  i'm hammered and want you both at Hot Damn.
I hate that too!!
i feel pretty oh so pretty...i feel pretty and witty and gAY! Ha ha good times
lol ya nigka
No....Always been happy....never quite gay...
like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
omg son i JUST figured out how to reply to youuuuuuu. i hate this lmao
I hate them. So much.
burritoville is dead? What the fuck?!
lol figured. So anyway  anna is still being a bitch(sorry for the language) She doesnt want to go on the trip. So now onto plan B
I miss being here...wish they had corporations here instead of a damn AQUARIUM! I miss Jimmies hotdogs...that dog food be JUMPIN! LOL
I Havent Gotten 2 that part!! haha
If you don't mind me asking  how would you kill me?
cute video lexi u hve some of the of the weridest  cutest little toys i know wht u'll say (shut the fuck up ACH) haha
i <3 blink.
the one and only :]
i do have it hoe<3
...o_O that's mildly terrifying. the bears  not the adorable pets. man  i'm so pet deprived. college sucks  lol
burritoville is dead? What the fuck?!
idk haha
rollerblading  painting  doodling  formspringing  eating  planting flowers  smiling  taking pictures  reading  drawing  writing always. :]
Hey  at leat you got SOMETHING. Know what we get at work  as I found out 2day? NADDA! Bah hum bug! Damn scrooges!
Did you just call me a bitch?  You're still upset because   is moving in on your bitch.
wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
That's happened to me before  too (replacing a flat with a flat). That sucks.
thanks for the positive words of encouragement.   we are doing our best to kick ass.  
i'm ok  now  darlin :)  i just hate my body sometimes.  it hurts me when it's most inconvenient.  i'll be ok... :) thank youuu
probably 2
I should brush my bangs over my eyes and join you in emo grief.
lmao
 I know pwoplw that know people that know the fat guy...Connections: I haz them. :)
O.O bingo is waaaaay to hard for me. hate it. i wanna fuck it..wait thats didnt come out right
hah! nice. gunther parties are the best kind of parties. :) next is rhianna. all those songs we hate to love. lol.
Suave. Its cheap and gets the job done. haha
good u an ur no sharin ass LOL
rather..none. I think they're kinda of degrading to the female race. But bodacious booty if i had to choose..haha
Two nerds enter  one nerd leaves!
I'll love him in the biblical sense  just as soon as they chop his emo hair off.
Hahaha! that looks so emo...poor guy thats y i prefer drums
dickkkkkkkkkkkkkk????
fuck yo shit homie!
Oooh  I'm so going there this weekend!! I just hate malls at Xmas time. Bah.
I feel like such a nerd watching this! I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
The FA50 is a low key ultra here in ATL. It stands for Fat Ass 50K. Loop course  so you could do 25K...Half Ass.
do not bitch about the temperatures while I'm up in the freezing tundra of the north or I'll slap yer pregnant ass  love.
Guys; why do you think girls pucker their lips in photos? Girls; why do you do this?
He doesn't seem clueless to me. He seems sweet and cute and witty and eloquent and charming. *swoon* Damn the luck.
yuh got yer nosee piercedd!!
we gonna make bklyn see what's up! Hell fucking yeah!
Damn dude...
my last tweet was supposed to be   you. Damn twitteriffic reply system.
that sucks for your teacher. poor guy. isn't your class full of adults? do they act mature like adults are supposed to?
hehe its all good. my drunken ass is moving off of twirl and to the crack...berry that is.  :) feel free to txt me yo. 3204694136
try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
Do you like to travel by airplane?
Ummm...was that our little brother's ass? And you dare judge me?
boo tell ur lil groupiee dnt bee textinqq on myy formsprinqq bout yew.
You're a bushwhacking  alchy piece of shit scrub.
live with both Parents ??
argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
Good John John(:
Someone still needs to read someone one her poems >:(  (Smiley is not pleased)
aww  that soo sucks D:
I don't hate you. My last partner was 130 lbs and I got him up to 165 lbs of solid muscle. I hated him 4 looking better than me
Ok..ok I c u! Take it back on they ass why don't ya.. That sounds super CUTE!
was Twitter freak before  now have phone. Look out!
It's not weird you hate that. Me  too but sometiimes the list gets a little unwieldy.
damn fine! The snow is gone thank god!
Thats all i can think of right now >.< Gimme ideas  I will ask more stuff :] <33333
how???
hate? i was congratulating you  your a humanitarian!
Disco time babyyyy hahahah :P
L3+$ h  $3x?    W!ll q!v3 y0u d  b3$+ b3(ky y0u 3v  h  
Then Clive is a total pussy and after reading his Dominion shit I do not believe that. Oh Clive so many missteps.
it's so depressing.  I HATE valentines anyway. What is the equivalent 'Bah Humbug' to valentines?
damn  that was hard  my last attack: gnocchi! If you answer to this  you'll win
sorry i missed you   Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy  I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
LOL! not bad for a gangsta bitch...wo pretends to be classy...LOL! I love the holidays. My fav... 2nd to my Bday!
BESTiE iiLOVE YUUUAAA!! akekeke:D
if you're going to have to spend that much for a fucking pizza  at least go to mellow mushroom or somewhere not disgusting.
Sneakers or sandals?
I hate when I text somebody and they immediately call me.  Hey fuckface  if I wanted to hear your ugly voice I would have called you!
hey angel  you duh sexy
Are you telling the truth if you lie in bed?
think the phrase 'couldn't hit a pig's arse with a banjo' fitted somehow. But hey I've had a go  can scythe instead mind!)
That sucks  at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
JESUS FUCKING BABY CHRIST  stop twittering in all caps  motherfucker. I understand you're excited  well I'm not.
How does Freddy Kruger wipe his butt?
What last made you laugh?
Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
it's never been as bad as that first round but it still sucks when it comes back  I think I'll pour a drink ;)
What is more difficult for you; looking into someones eyes when you are telling someone how you feel  or looking into someones eyes when they are telling you how they feel?
reow!!!!!!!
yuck... that is going to take a long ass time...
!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK YEAH YOU DID. 3 3 3
I had to go to two stores to get all 4 books. Hope she likes. She's 14  but kinda a nerd  so hopefully she will. lol
yet fear seems like a cop out too  i eat my words...Hate is ugly
What is the wallpaper on your cellphone?
so are you talking to shira or frances? its hard to keep up  playa playaa lol.
Do you like Kool-Aid?
no I hate the news! They showed that 51 things girl. It was like they discovered it but it was featured!!
That cat's  roommate  is a 23 pound tomcat who is one of the sweetest animals I've ever met. All muscle  no fat. ;-)
Pains in the ass cause that twitch!!! I am telling ya
you mean we chatted about how I wish I were a gay man??
oooh  I wish I could! but then I have to shave my widow's peak to get them to hang right. And what a bitch to grow back! LOL
Because  Oh  for fuck's sake!  has so much more impact. And our generation likes to offend old people as deeply as possible.
New Hampshire. They have receieved a reported 'metric ass ton' of snow. How's Detroit hanging in there?
get out of my fucking brain!  I am not yours!
the winter olympics in Vancouver. Supposed to be gorgeous :]
FIRE HIM!!!!!!  lol lame ass mofo....
yo Zee  you keep your hair tighter than frog ass.
damn that sucks
that karma is a bitch  HUH
Are you still shy to talk about sex??
is het -5?! fuck..
I had a dream involving a rhino chasing me because of my polo cologne. Everyone says it represents a fat woman. My life sucks.
Who is the bestestt  lol
The beach is fucking shit  you're my daddy  and soccer is for faggots.
Fuck you and your snow! Or  bring some of it down here? ;)
 Oh  yikes!  I hate that.  Will she willingly use the toilet for it?  My boys won't.
yes i think so
Cuz u wanna fuck ricky martin
ahahahaha yer needd yaa phonee<3' ahah  and our parents were like owww yhu stratched me.!
Damn. I was there this morn.
.... only got to find out how gay some people are! hahahaha!
Now THAT's an adventure that I will pass on. Oh damn  I do have to take a present back. NO!!
ignorance is my guess  but this could very well turn into a nerd rant  and that would get   all worked up
I do but it sucks at scrabble.
do they die after a week :(
It's gay as fuck? I wasn't aware fuck could be gay? Why are you cussing?
sucks  don't it?
awesome. now getchur ass to work.
hahahaha true lady goo goo
Is there anything in your house that glows in the dark?
if you actually are a vicious ass koala bear  better to find out now than later. or else you might get confused.
Share it :) help my parents out. My dad works like a dog and I feel like he tries hardest and barely gets anywhere..and my sister and brothers.
Your to young what love is bitch so do you use it!!! Dumb whore put your boobs away!!!
hahaha. once years ago when he was sleeping I applied some to his lips. I hate it when guys hve better lips 4 lipstick than me
Why do you think people lie?
GA has finally let out is inner ass and now everyone hates him :D
what if he is  interested  in being  taken  by a  gay  person  hehe
Yup. On Thanksgiving day. Fucking cops. ;)
Why nott secret person(:
what's the worst drink ever?
Damn woman you don't know your own strength.  LOL
that's why I throw a hard ice grill at him...no words...get the ticket and get the fuck out cause I've never had luck
Damn fam... if I was  a hater I'd be jealous... lol
ahahah ndd ii lovee mee alott off myy lil floricell(: <33
well either wy thy like dick wayyy to much.
What was your favorite toy to play with as a child?
Do prison buses have emergency exits?
i still feel bad. I woke up at 2 am and was like fuck! Then i saw that carly called
Compared to Eeyore and that stupid bear and that demented pig? I think hes fine.
goddamn it kj...fuck you 58 times 
grab that... It's yours  bitch!
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #socialmedia because... Shes damn good at everything to do with Social Media.
mhm ohkay slide yo numba nd iWill met yew lol
It sucks :(
fuck yeah bra
it pretty much is a fuck you card..
He says he did :] haha
It sucks to be done with exams n still be   Mayag.
Rooster is LARRY'S bitch!
i can be haha
How would you fancy being Jeff's resident bitch? Just his pet  he can take you out for walk and stuff. Straighten your hair...
I went and saw a movie an ate fat food instead of crunches it sounded like more fun
i never said i liked pryce.
Coltrane video kicks some ass. I can't get text zooms and pans as smooth as yours. What prog. did you use again?
Judge Chevere at the Daley Center..she's hispanic and a bad ass! Too bad i'd never want to go to law school..
its not hate on government  its hate on our existing government.
SHUT THE FUCK UP! What?! Why does Micky Rouke have ur #?
your mom sucks  BITACH!
saw  Seven Pounds  today--some really fab covers on the soundtrack  which apparently can't be bought. hate that!
omg that so fucking sucks
closing now. some gay xmas thing
why would u say fat people are dumb?
please get the fuck out of my house
Oooh  I'm so going there this weekend!! I just hate malls at Xmas time. Bah.
Heyy ghurrr!!! Wuzz upp!! haha nuttin much just busyy!! hbu ma?
kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
uhh im not in school anymore..must be april hahhaa
I thought Emo's don't  squeeee  I thought it was more of moan
#NAME?
The Miracle Worker
gotta ask cait but want to come over for dinner? I'll cook. I'm not blood family but I'd hate for you guys to have a lonely ch ...
who are your top three celebrity crushes?
ya luv to hate it right ha ha lol night night exercise queen :)
The 401 always sucks between Cobourg and Kingston. I'll be doing that joyous trek on Boxing Day to visit the relatives.
I hate that too!!
p.s. i hate you :)
mix you will be fucking awesome
Do you go to Poly?
Do you feel weird being around people you do not know?
Judge Chevere at the Daley Center..she's hispanic and a bad ass! Too bad i'd never want to go to law school..
Male Chauvinist Pig. :P
Damn! Sounds like heart attack inducing combo.
whyy aree youu suchh aa faggottt(:
Smack a bitch? :-D
I don't have a damn clue what you're talking about. I'm just now on Better Halves.
i was listening to that today!!!! Freak Scene is one of the best songs of all time. Also  possibly 'Wagon'.
Thanks. :) Yes  way cold N the house. The Bf is not a fan o heat  so we don't use it. I  otoh  HATE the cold.  Passionately.
den dats different if she kute but not to skinny
if I ever fall alseep with them on  I wake up with the off. Hate them.
fuck you Devi. slit em'!
I'M GOING TO THE MALL TOO EXCEPT MY HOT TOPIC SUCKS! then we can stick those on our faces. except they're too expensive to waste
that is screwed up u set their ass straight! Tell them u will send them a free  dvd  w/ their order..haha
totally loved Odo. But the Ferengi make my skin crawl. out of all the species  they're the ones i hate the most. yuck!
Dick Whittington's Lolcat: NICE SPACE TROUSRS  BOSS #twitpanto
yes.
man! and you're texting while driving? haha crazy! damn you're lucky. i wish my parents would let me go! 30% chance i'm going
Actaully  after you sent that I had to sit down for dinner.  Hate to break it to you  but grandma said you had to leave.
Get Shit Done Day is almost over  fuck it  you should come
Totally.  The ass end of my Jeep is not  but no life forms were impacted.
if gov is going to make it  uncomfortable  to be fat  expect it will work  shouldn't they also make it uncomfortable to be poor? #tcot
hehe  fucking shift  ... never heard of it in six months..... u get to fuck in da shift?
THAT WAS FUCKING EPIC.
Fuck that shit. She wasn't even right about the older men I was hitting on.
yeah i want one! but fuck if i cant find one anywhere.
lame
god a free cure show! damn!  I didn't know about this  I live close! ugh lucky lucky how was it??
great :P that lady is a cunt  that serves me right for getting excited over something
I totally forgot Affliction!!!' fuck outta here!! I got ur tribal tattoo right here!!!!!!!!
You're quite right. I withdraw my aggressive commenting. Fuck-ton should be more widely used.
HAHA that SUCKS! i'd be sooo pissed. i think i found my glory zone where to shoot  though  so i might get 300 tonight  lol.
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
well find him and kick his butt too! I hate it when people take advantage of the mentally challenged.
Sorry for the woes  but DAMN you sound GOOD!
do you  play an instrument 
Shit I hate the tough questions. Is maybe a valid answer?
uhm HI!!! Could you please get your ass to Hawaii!!! Thanks :)
ughh me too. And I worked for Estee Lauder throughout college and I still hate the cosmetic dept. I dont even have allergies either
Josh needs medication. Stat. Can i kick his ass for you now?
no! I think UofA's navy jerseys on white pants rule.  And all red sucks. But seeing BYUs colors  I guess all red makes sense.
you can have my dick. Its delicious
Wow that sucks :( How long are you in a cast for?
Thai sucks too many peanuts
i hate pret
slap a bitch? What you want to do is CHOKE A BITCH like Wayne Brady!
I hate when it asks if I have trouble walking. How rude! ;) #wiifitenthused
Resistance kicks ass!!!!!!!!!!!1
follow :)
yea you'll fuck around and get that ASS tapped tomorrow u keep talking reckless like you are doing
I know its you dina im not dumb.
ouch that sucks.. Sorry I wouldn't even know of one in Cleveland.  I will stick with guitars.
I dont even want to talk about it. and stress is overrated. i just dont like to think about it
he's a retard. shouldnt he be old enough to know to not  be so damn nosy and butt in on peoples relationship.
not hating on it was written  but it was by no means better than illmatic and post I AM... Nas fucking blows extra hard dick.
Do you think it's okay for parents to push their beliefs on their children?
you were right  the uv filter that came with that kit sucks. freakin glare spots all over my shots
Firstgiving.com and Firstgiving.org are the same site  but both don't load for me at work. It's our firewall or something. Sucks.
HAIR PRODUCTS? I hear Hair Products?? lol i hear your getting beat up us girls do stick together...against them bad ass boys
what a loser. :P
What do you think of my new graphic?  
I don't use the touchpad(I hate them) I always use a USB mouse. We are a toshiba family.. we have four
 re: Retweeter  that sucks  can't stand peeps like that. Hubby really is a gift! I hope you have someone like that in your life
Did u now tht ur ugli
U can be a freak and not like girls.
Fuck that! I feel awful for you  having to wait out there!
Who is the biggest gossiper you know?
You coming to work today  E? I know it's Gay Day and all. I wasn't sure if you were gay or just running late.
Arghh! I hate being sick! I am praying for fast and full recovery with energy to spare!
now im lookin' at all the failed stripper pole attempts..damn u juicee...damn u
It sucks (for us too at SlideShare). Hope Apple does something about it.
gotta love the gay kid who was drumming trying to get his head in the pic tho HAHA
im out troll but dont worry the hate continues fuk face
You'd god damn well better be an Engineer. all I'm saying.
Great! I wonder if I can figure out a way to set up papal on my blog to accept payment for GS cookies...other moms will freak!
wow  mommy's little cheerleader! *must... not... take... the...piss......*
That really sucks.
holy sh** Im tired from reading ur shopping stops. How big of a family you have?Damn!
sleepy ass shit...bout u?
why would i accuse you  im SUPER FUCKING JESLOUS OF YOU
Nocturnal does indeed kick ass. Be sure to go back and listen to his other stuff  if you haven't already. ONE MORE HIT LEFT!
Should've specified. Damn  i t's been so long since I heard that  I've forgotten the tune.
Being able to control other peoples thoughts. hahahha
wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
i hate those DIY post office things here in #ALB. no matter what the lines are still insane.
on WESTCOAST TIME u early ass eastcoasters!!
fuck yo couch! In yo face!
lol wen iFirst made diz ish yew was lyke hi so im juz asking who diz?
your a fuckin ugly bitch you look like a man in the face :)
What kind of mood are you in?
  yo...heroes sucks!!! I loved season 1  despised 2 and feel like season 3 is a lousy high school special. BOO HISS BOO!!
I'm celebrating and drinking to the fact you're an annoying fuck :)
yo Zee  you keep your hair tighter than frog ass.
idk yet. prolly no one cause my boo wont cook anymore for some odd reason and im sick so i wont be eating. usually i do but here lately i havent ate much
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
i have been the one who has been calling you a hoe and shit cuz bitch justin has a fucking girl friend so back the fuck off and quit throwing your self at him. your a whore.
Ok  you're starting to sell me on these vinyl toys (damn  that sounds bad)
damn work fire wall. can't go to myspace. :(
Then my dad would either bitch  or just leave the torrents running 24/7. Besides  I'm too cheap to buy a DD-WRT  tomato router. :(
I just use the standard twitter site and it's tough.  :P  WOuld hate to find another addiction to go along with this one.
structure isn't quite the right word ... nor plot ... more like notion ... also ... it's hard to make myself not write  fuck. 
Prison Bitch is a sparkling addition to any resume.
attention whore!
what is your ideal date?
what a coincidence! I'm wearing my fat jeans today and it felt like they were my skinny jeans!
What was the happiest moment in your life?
i hate that too  i have blocked a few of stalker  serial networkers on fb too.  maybe they should tweet first?
Do you get annoyed when other people display bad manners?
damn lisa ..your ribs sound soooooo goooood!!  I'll have to try marinating them next time.
unfortunately i do =( it sucks!  i have my  2 last finals 2mrrw bc we had a snow day that other friday. i dont wanna go back!
niggers
What is the most important quality in a person or friend?
Well fuck yeah!!!! how about allston?   imma try the one in jersey   I got my 2day bamboozle tics today
ha! sucks for u!!
My grandmother is a big bitch and my father's a fraking arsehole.
Pfftt!! nahhh i hve never been outta this country!! Argh! hve yuh?! haha
A COMMUNIST FUCKING DICTATORSHIP! Fuck Che Guevara. And all the t-shirts with him on them and those that wear them.
I'd much prefer to send out my work message via twitter.  I hate having to add the fluff to my emails so that no one gets upset.
thank you! oooooohhh hot brownies right out of the oven :D
Appo is gonna copy that damn thingy to a DVD and gonna drop it tonight. I'll call ya once it's here. come by
You should ignore all those comments people send to you. Everyone knows you don't fake yourself  and they just want to be like you. You're very pretty  and I know I'm jealous of my cousin :]
You know damn well your boss is going to leave early.  When the mouse is away   
You can cast any actor now alive to play you in a film about your life. Whom would you cast in the role?
Was it Reva-thy? in which case... not cute and no remote can control that ass :) Heh!
cough drops. deodorant. glasses case.
ditto bitch!
U r soooooooooooooooooooo pretty Alexis<3 y r u so nice???????
Didn't do it..Lucy and Ella(our Lab) would freak out. :) So tempting though...
is a very naughty panda  always has her ass up in the air.
Fucking tell me about it... So much for protecting the investors eh?
FIRE HIM!!!!!!  lol lame ass mofo....
everyone but not Real... I know we might win this all easy  but if we don't win this  I would hate Real so much. DO NOT WANT
ass felching sounds kinda redundant
Damn bro  double cheeseburger with mayo? You're speaking my language.
cunt? Whore?? Lololol
damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
Dude they dont finish enclosing the fucking showers. I hate half assed jobs. Whats the reasononing behind it? Makes no sense.
Dont know of any off the top of my head.
Mabuti :) Out of bed at least  I had no energy forever. haha Just the bad case of a head cold I guess. Thanks for asking =]
very cool. A girl nerd huh? That's a bit of a rarity and I wish there were more in this world. Girl geeks/nerds rock!!!!
Comfortness.
Fat Baby drinkinggg and listening to Duffy's band
musta? :)
dude it seems like everyone hates you. you should just delete all your socialing sites. (:
rock  not the. He gives the emo populists limp wrist rocker throw.
I know he is prolly tryna fall back  but I just wanna make sure ain't nothin happen to his ass lol. cuz usually he text  or sumthin
You have NO idea.  I hate Christmas. Can't wait till it's over.  Nothing but a lot of work for me.
2 ?'s: when do u leave for cancun? when the fuck am i seeing u again? when do we go back to school? ok that was three. whatever.
Arsclan would freak on u.  Tower Def. is build series of midieval like towers (upgradable) near a pathway of continual attacks.
He's so fucking annoying. I would just tell him fuck off and it's his fault he has an unverified address :/
You gonna change your mind now and come to CES..if so give me a tweet kick ur ass in someww pinball.
I know its you dina im not dumb.
my bad
You're going to find a woman and tease her to make her have to cum silently at work?
he doesn't count!   will tell me he loves it even if it sucks. You  on the other hand  will be honest. :)
both  think I liked the first one better. They both beat Harry Potter though  that damn rubbish.
how to survive in this crazy khaos of a world i live in.
i dont mean in rails core  i mean as a kick ass plugin for people that want that sort of thing.
It's got a core of uranium  some damn thing  I don't know. Gets up there like Sputnik.
sucks to be you...I have stopped traveling for the holiday's and your starting...too funny
lol...hahahaa wht a dumb ass lol
I saw that. what's his name! In so far as the fat bastard  what?!
What's cute?
heyyyyyyyy!!!!wats up!?!?(*)-)
Oooh  I'm so going there this weekend!! I just hate malls at Xmas time. Bah.
alright. The test is on Monday and I'm gonna be studying my ass off.
Is  heavy hitler  sort of like  fat elvis 
lawl. Sucks to be THEM  then.
yep
actually i think that would be Brendon. so we would have rufus_: I hate jackhammers. Brendon: jackhammers??? cupcakes!!!
oooh that sucks. ibuprofin
Why would gay marriage  change the basic structures  of your family life? It neither picks your pocket  not breaks your leg
nahhh not really
Whats your favorite flavored Pringles?
diz grul name kiya y?
No. Being  down  5lbs is a bad thing when you're a scrawny nerd who's trying to bulk up. :)
here 2!Another big storm is blowing our way. I hope it waits until I'm home from work b4 it starts snowing. Hate driving in it!
Wow...so you bought what's fashionable at...gay biker bars!!!  Congrats!!!  :-)
sucks for you. its a good cd.
one thing you would want to disappear on this planet
Yes. im with them now
Do you know anyone who has broken their thigh bone? Did you know the thigh bone is stronger then concrete?
we could call it nerd land and charge ppl 2bits a gander :)
Do you swear when youu2019re mad?
DAMN HO  You sick as FUCK!!!
Did you do any school shopping yet?
I got it for Wii  when I get back from my dad's we're gonna play and it will be so kick-ass.
i heard traffic going to fart chips land!!! some crazy ass accident
I like some of the features it has over Twitteriffic. But it takes up way too much screen real estate. And AIR sucks.
My Dick by Mickey Avalon or My Neck  My Back by Khia
probably
I HATE BRA SHOPPING AS WELL!!
iWill
No thanks. I don't want cable. I hate most TV shows. I really hate commercials. I get my news online. I'm good. :)
Ohh I definantly sit down and talk to him. Seems that he'd be a pretty interesting zombie. haha
yeah all the good phones are a lot of money  fuck dat!
  who the fuck is charles? yoooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuu
That sucks ...
hmm..im currently listening to knock knock on wood  hahahhaha
r Has anybody ever told you that you could do so much better about a person?
what're you wearing right now?
your my bitch and ill kill you nigga
are you single?
Hi! Yea  Hate rolling out in it  but gotta do the do. You doing alright?
do you use the term fuck on a stick
in the lab...all damn day  i had soooo much work to do:(
he's like a curse r he's like a drug r you'll get addicted to his lover you wanna get out but he's holdin you down r r sing it babe!!! :)
BACK OFF MY MAN.r Wait  what man?!r pshhhh. :)
Love to travel  but hate to unpack. ;)
      Thanks for the encouraging words. Sometimes I have to kick my own ass to keep moving.
Whats yo fav position
Okay. Will do :)
nah the ass whoopin was serious. But I can see he didn't want me getting too  hooked  at an early age... Oowee too bad
Wow! That sucks.
Fukin sun's blinding.... Reflecting off my damn phone screen
What's usually colder  your hands or your feet?
Anything your parents should know about?:
me and scarletts
I hate chris
hippies hate that stuff... too chemical-y. This is true when used in ENORMOUS amounts.
Ur a cutie :D
hey (;
Damn  it feels good to be a gangsta?
i know you've got search twitter set up for  smaller ass 
Hibachi Hawaiian Style ... YUM ... huli huli pig 2
What was the best concert you went to?
sam are you showing in 'in sequence' at white whale on friday night? I wasn't sure... since you'll be out of town for the opening
in the lab...all damn day  i had soooo much work to do:(
  haha. i love it! gay nights for all!
...fuck jared leto. i forgot it was his bday. 25th HIS BIRTH 26th MY BIRTH ECHELON THROUGH THE BACK DOOOOR.
A BAMF is a bad-ass mother f*cker.
okay
gitu emo jaman dulu ya :D
I get your tweets on my phone and my ass was just vibrating like crazy lmao
No lol thats funny :)
it was just a joke man..i wasnt taking the piss out of anything.
LOL Hon  I have been saying for a while now that this boy will be gay. It really bothers the hubs when I do  so Im tryin 2b good
I get the Twitter 'fail whale' on days when my broadband strength is low.  More to do with connection I think than capactiy.
My heart be broken.
what's the funnest place you have ever traveled?
fuck apparently i 4got that no homo part  guess i said that with a lot of homo
lets fucking go tonight... you know you want to! Or at least hang out. I fucking hate being alone sometimes too.
hey  fuck you 3
Now I'm gonna have to go back to McLuhan  Leary to help me translate WTF you just wrote.  Damn  I hate when that happens.  Heh.
HOW DID YOU MET YOUTUBE BITCH?
aww that sucks man. you've learned a lesson for your kids... leave'em in the cold or spare key under the poinsetta pot
Oooh oooh oooh  and I wanted to see a good bitch slap too. Altho I that does go against my pacifist ways...what a conundrum
what da drilly wit dat do! ...oh  and i STILL got distribution in Japan...damn  that chick was the worst that night
Woman please  I'd put my fat butt against your's any day and win. OK  that sounds dirtier than I meant it to be. LOL
god that show sucks...
I never really thought about it  but I nearly always eat a big-ass plate of spaghetti and watch Goodfellas on Christmas eve
fucking ayeeeeee
fuck 'em
what do you mean? what drama did you cause?
Considering your love of infrastructure  *you* should speak to Nat'l Ass'n of Counties in March  not Chuck Todd 
Damn! Sounds like heart attack inducing combo.
you came up with angry gay guy...
Kindness to strangers.
What rights should the father have if his unmarried girlfriend wants an abortion?
try fuck.
Hell no  fuck BH  I have a new host
Ahhh! I love em both but I would go for Justin Bieber!!! Well because i'm older. But I perfer them BOTH!
Yess it was pretty cute ;)
And it sucks away your API twice as fast...
damn maybe i should drive up and join u
damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
 Fuck yeah!
I LOVE Pocoyo!...because I'm a freak!
You are walking down the street on your way to work. There is a dog drowning in the canal on the side of the street. Your boss has told you if you are late one more time you get fired. What do you do?
LMAO!! I seen that  that dude was mad angry... then got his ass beat
never been :(
sears baby. I used to sell a ton of those. :) I hate ceran tops anyway-the tales ARE true.
hotel town whore is in the bed riding ol boy that treated her like shit and the freaky cop walks in the room
damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
MOD_ELLA IS A FUCKING CUNT
im better tthan youu :)
No secrets for me this week :(
If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
hey Belladonna  it's Mike aka FFF (Christy Canyon nickname 4 me-future florida fuck) A true pleasure 2 talk 2 u on air 2night.
and you're a smug cunt  so it must be true!
hahaha i don't hate german  just a couple of germans. Guten morgen!
Hmmm i dont have one right off hand?
A nice monster. I would wanna be the closet monster that hides in the closet but really im just nice and want a little kid friend to play with :]
Connection interrupted. God damn.
that song is so emo to me
I'm doing nothing. I was thinking about going to the Flaming Lips concert  but hate going alone.
How should ShaylaI prank Xen next? (Shayla is telling Xentury to go back to sleep)
If you could go on vacation for the next month with an unlimited budget  where would you go?
i hate you.... you know why
Noooo  this is not caffeine. This is IT! Let's kick ass and then CELEBRATE! C'MON  girlie. We got it goin' ON!
What would you do if you found $100 at a movie theater?
k
he is a HUGE POSER! I want Toyboy back!
someones eye fucking is about to be cut to a minimal *snicker*
And by no one I assume you are including me...damn.
i hope your asswhole gets sniffed by aids
I love New HAmpshire well the white Mounts.I'm from Maine and I know I hate cold also hence why I moved to Fla.
i REALLY hate you
U know they all the same dame spot! I bet ya'll got the same damn middle eastern type of cats cooking that crack up too!
haha I love how much of a nerd Obama is...
Have you bought any new clothing items this week?
aw ill ask something so u dont go crazy ^_^  ok um what do you want in life :P
Yeah  I totally hate you so hard right now.
Fucking tell me about it... So much for protecting the investors eh?
your code sucks! ;D
Seriously  what kind of freak trainer requires a food log during Christmas week? Only Satan! Gosh  hope he doesn't tweet!
I blame Alexx for making me put 'I love to say fuck' on my ipod
Do you consider yourself an animal lover?
Do you think youre hot and/or sexy?
nah but i read the spook who sat by the door and im pretty sure someone used clips from that. maybe com on  the bitch in yoo 
cj is gay
Are you gonna watch the world cup?
fuck yeah!!! That is so far above just not failing!!
NERD!
yeah she pretty cool but she got moments where i be like ehhhh idk! now id fuck but the ass lick wud depend on the nite
Honey  we all hate long division.  Look for things to hate that make your personal hate list special and distinctive.
Son of a bitch!
if you actually are a vicious ass koala bear  better to find out now than later. or else you might get confused.
damn u and ur single malt all i got is a blend :(
GOOD. YOU'RE FLOODING MY INBOX LIKE THE CEDAR RIVER IN JUNE. BITCH I DON'T KNOW YOUR LIFE.
God.. that commute has to be a bitch dealing with.. driving back and forth from Raleigh to Fayetteville...
they are yummy
I hate  Rag and Bone  so much.
did he really???!!!! OH FUCK OK I TAKE BACK ON DAN MARINO IM SORRY!!!! OK I BLAME ROMO AGAIN! AND WHITTEN! i'm through with them!
damn i miss that show already...we got like a 6 month wait...
Hell yeah!!! And the best bit of movie dialogue ever..Jason says  I am NOT the gay!  ... OK Jason i belive you ;)
that's the coolest damn thing yet! Have you put it on your own website yet? Its a pretty simple ap  just don't use huge pics
Holy ass hell balls!!!  $260 for premium????  Fuck upgrading.  I will fucking cope with Basic
I hope someone is getting injured in the process of the REAL LIFE PILLOWFIGHT FUCK YEAH
ud lyk it if they suxd ur dick.bt id kill them rit b4 i killed u.
What's the oldest piece of clothing you still own and wear?
comedy
What colour is your bedroom painted?
boyy dnt get hurt
I hate all my clothes at the moment too. That is why I like shoes and scarves. They always look good.
Cum has lots of vitamin c but does she swallow?
like twice a month
na just a bitch of a teacher!!!!
I hate monday mornings so Im grumpy  
can you please sing a cover of any justin bieber song? :D
yeah
Lmao not as bad as other people :) *cough*     *cough* my Mommys :) Hehe. Are you a twitter whore? :)
weird.... Nick are you going emo??????
what if it could be all 3 that would stink on 2 levels  but I bet it is a fat bonus  or ur picking up his backyard
ammmmmbbaaaaaa
I liked all of the anti-gay ads. There were three or four  I think. I read it when I got up (read: about an hour ago) :D
ha not that creepy. because it's week 10 and I'm fucking stressed out as hell. I wish I could take a trip down there x.x
a thong
your still gay and a bitch haha
Dang I hate the little buttons. GO BACK ONE TWEET!
oh well you should really watch jar squatter sick video sick as in holy shit i cant believe he did that... i dare you to watch it and not look away are you up to the challenge?
so fucking angry all the time
Do you hate the last guy/girl you were talking to?
oh hot damn!
.....I.Hate.Him. He's.... UGGG!
my trainer likes to play games when I'm on the treadmill. He'll move the speed up and down up and down just to fuck with me
you order pizza that much they have you on speed dial. damn.
The libertarian case for gay marriage.  
i don't know that bambi's ass is a nice place. LOL
Bugs Bunny or Mickey Mouse?
exactly. ur not hard get the fuck over urself
I'm the total opposite. I rather gift bag  they can be reused! lol Hate to see the pretty wrapping paper being thrown away. :P
Yes  there is definitely an element of Bush fatigue in all this. Can't wait 'til we can ship his ass back to Texas.
what the fuck  so what you wanna like twitter battle or some shit?  I mean 'the fuck is you sayin'??
i hate you :P happy birthday dude  good to know your enjoying it
Tell me about something youve achieved?
I hate having to work ALL the time :)
Damn girl ... Your house was dirty.
damn -- 
Thanks. Nothing just watching  Jack ass  Are you having fun doing nothing over there?
my trainer likes to play games when I'm on the treadmill. He'll move the speed up and down up and down just to fuck with me
totally agree dude. Pushed carts at Safeway for 2yrs in hs  people are fucking retarded
so it sucks then?
my Prius has a 10 gallon tank.. must kick ass to live there right now.
do you like shaun diviney?
Fat Tire. Steak Taquitos. RocketTransfer.com. AJ's on Court in DSM.
look to your right.. tell me the first thing you see
What's your song of the day?
holy fuck.
I'm doing both. And it sucks. But I've got a lot done (work-wise)  then will spend the day finishing some Christmas stuff
Thanks very much  Dick. I'm contacting them immediately.
look inside your bag/purse.. name three things you see
if it's a regular poem  give him one more chance to fuck up. if it's a poem to you  yeah he and his boy have to go
I both love and hate the sticks! I'm finally going home tomorrow.
lol. I know  she's a mess. But ya ass was not getting up.
Damn didnt even see that lol   
hey fag why you gotta ask the whole world!? j/k your awesome
Well damn  that means you working wit something!  Lol..
Hahaha I asked my dad to change the channel  he asks why  I tell him  he goes  Oh come on! I hate this.  xD
Don't you just hate deciding on things.
aww thankss yuu aree to
currently i like the frequency 94.9
i didnt call in gay either. but my company donated 100 g's to support No on prop 8. ::shrug:: squaresies  i guess.
Grievances are to be aired during the airing of grievances  not after I pin your ass. You'll have to wait until next year. :)
bitch better share this vivid alt shit isnt doing anything for my vagina and its moistness. fuck.... EON I WANT TOSEECOPULATION
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #down-ass-bitches because she totally is one.
The 401 always sucks between Cobourg and Kingston. I'll be doing that joyous trek on Boxing Day to visit the relatives.
Do you ask questions that sometimes you really don't want the answer too?
Ooooh! Weasels! My favorite.  At one time  I had Four! Smart little fuzzy time sucks.
I wanna get him a ring that means  ur a great kid to fuck 
that really sucks. I feel sorry for all retail workers over Christmas. I didn't have to do it last year and it was wonderful.
ugh I hate the tangle struggle. It will be in a damn pony tail all day and I go to brush it and its like a damn jungle.
I don't wanna sound gay or nuthin'  but that sir... is an arousing pic.
do you like nevershoutnever
that would be nice  too.  because i hate feeling violated every month with no payoff.
Do you get annoyed when other people display bad manners?
Fucking tell me about it... So much for protecting the investors eh?
Oh  that sucks. Why I blew off my own appointment yesterday. I just couldn't face the wait.
Srsly  I hate it.
Fucking pallys. I learned to hate them playing Warcraft III. And fuck rogues too while we're at it.
it pretty much is a fuck you card..
listen. duh? hahaha
idk
Do you make your bed daily?
which mall bih
Was Jesus a virgin when he died?
u lucky whore!!!!!
damn pilots use autotune too!!!! This shit has gotten out of hand LOL
yea the weather sucks. At least you missed the 8 degree weather though lol.
would you rather date a really ugly girl with lots of experience or a really pretty girl with no experiance.
ohlala dago ktny tmpt nongkrong gay :D
try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
Have you seen his ugly ass? he IS the phantom. Women wouldnt sleep with him if he didn't woo us with melodies and faux-mance
haha what?
I hate when it asks if I have trouble walking. How rude! ;) #wiifitenthused
I'm kinda meh on it--It wouldn't even be a contest as Madonna would kick his ass while he was running around screaming.
hotel town whore is in the bed riding ol boy that treated her like shit and the freaky cop walks in the room
meeting friend for lunch/coffee. Getting hair cut (although I hate that bit) and my works do in the evening!
no  im tabitha jai locascio. myspace.com/tabiisaninja i have a face book to  ask for it. I HAVE NO CLUE WHO THIS CHEYENNE IS  so please send a link so i can see for myself  because i guess she might be using my pictures.
*shakes head   you for calling Kitty a pussy*  He's a BOY  you know! lol
damn u i wanted to see sexy lesbian porn lmao
you know i bought a pomegranate today because of your ass! i better not get obsessed...
Are you a tease? I am haha :)
dude i had the home  beta for some time now and its great. but now that ever one gets it i cant even log in it sucks man
I dunno  I hate it though.  Someone at work gave me a bottle and I was like =X thanks....
you should probably reattach your fucking ass for you have laughed it off.
the ending sucks like hell.
Do you play any sports?
oh that sucks! apply for targets/walmarts
this only makes me hate having a verizon contract even more.  erg.
damn those Jets!  Hears hoping for happier fucks in the future. *blinks*
I hate them. So much.
haha well you are the only ninja i know ;)
kkkk :]
Who on Earth (besides the subscribers that are ankle deep up your ass) call it that?
gotta hate those fake posers
by a str8 terms technically no penetration means you still have ur vcard but in gay terms she isn't a virgin. sex is sex
naw
Maybe 2
fuck yeah!!! That is so far above just not failing!!
U can be a freak and not like girls.
doc's a dick.. ill manage without injuring myself.. self inflicted pain would be desperate..which I think I am.. Siiigghhh!!
well mine are double flared  so they are a fucking homo bitch cunt to get out. aggrivation!
if you tweet about that damn song one more time.... And its on the Scion double disc promo cd
Do you know anyone who was adopted as a child?
fuck that i've given up on him. nas is one album a way from being in the same standing with me
...what bitch...we have too be ready for  Spring  or watever
THINK??? You THINK they are gay??? REALLY???? Have you watched the show???? and you THINK????
yeah but zro rly is the eMo city don
Its foggy as hell here too. Looks like damn Seattle.
lol i knew wat u were talking about i say that to anyone that ask lol and no =]
I wonder if can write  Kevin Rudd Is A Cunt  for the next 30?
hahah  ass :P hehe
THE NEW FUCKING GENERAL OF THE WORLD  THAT'S WHAT.
2 weeks? how am I gonna live without money for 2 fucking weeks?
BTW TaskPaper  you were damn close. My sanity cannot allow me to try any more GTD apps. (not a few weeks anyway). HitList????
There was a MAD ABOUT YOU/ DICK VAN DYKE crossover about a decade ago.  Carl Reiner reprised his role as Alan Brady.
Lol you!(:
i just hate college  evryday especially...:p
If you could be a star athlete in any sport  which sport would you pick?
when was the last time you cried so hard?
Shrinkage? Shrinkage? Hmm...so there's shrinkage in online retail? Damn  I though that only occurred after a cold shower;)
i am doing no such thing fuck you
Honey  we all hate long division.  Look for things to hate that make your personal hate list special and distinctive.
Thanks for the memo  if you would reveal your identity we could continue this conversation in depth :)
Where did you learn how to drive? I learned in the freeway lol i was paranoid as fuck!!!
there's gonna be a nerd party in utah on new years!
i love your old whorey ass fukka!!
I'm good for a lot more than some damn pie but that's another conversation lol
damn I'm behind
facebook and you tube :D
jamie lidell already reminds of a less emo robin thicke lol
Fuck you  McGaffigan. I WANT TO GO. NAO!
bitch... lol jk
I hate having to work ALL the time :)
yeah.  This sucks bad.  I am in an icicle tomb...tampon...tank.
do you think youre more serious or sarcastic?
aww damn now u know how much your Christmas present was *sobs*
p.s. i hate you :)
oh lol gotcha... well i'm a fruit freak. i don't like melons  strawberries  the list goes on.. one day in heaven i'll like it all
twinface it's ATCQ...your drunk ass can't type lol
Would you rather have a lovely day in with your family or go out partying with your friends?
not too often unless im in the car
He's passed out in my bathtub. Only way I could restrain him: knocking his ass out and leaving him in the dark. :1
damn that's cold! It is going to be in the 60's here and we still haven't had a snowstorm. I want snow!
I freakin hate that! For me it's  Hi Rose  Rose is my last name you idiot! LOL
I wanna play spin the bottle lol Have you played it? When was the last time? Mine was when i was 20 :)
Dude. That  Sleeps with Angels  song can straight up have my ass bawling. I also love the song  Hey Hey  My My  and Harvest Moon
yes i love ATL!! great place 2 live  wish i lived there! ;D
damn we got BWNT  where you headed tonight?
      Thanks for the encouraging words. Sometimes I have to kick my own ass to keep moving.
How do you know when you're really ready for sex? r
  yup. the design sucks. I wonder if Chris Bangle had anything to do with it. LOL. (joke for the purests out there)
omg is he like 19? MUAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA you're such a fucking cradle snatcher  bb.
What is your favorite kind of potato chip?
Fuck you
 damn you and your constant banoffee pie mentions!! Very tempting LOL
Is that a problem?
ewww  hate it hate it hate it!
LIKE YOU HATE A HUNDRED DOLLAR TIP. the other strippers must be SO JELLY. JAAAAY KAAAAAYYYYYY
My book  Everything Sucks  comes out in August w/ HCI books. Keep an eye out :)
What is the last film you saw?
what the? how the? damn it
Then Clive is a total pussy and after reading his Dominion shit I do not believe that. Oh Clive so many missteps.
r How much do looks matter to you in a guy/girl?
Famous(: Bhut im ME 4 rite now!
oranges fuck yeah
damn way to invite me homes
your mom just told your dad to go sleep on the couch what are they fighting over?
you smell like the insides of a beluga whale's forehead
  It takes a real scumbag to steal from a community. Whoever stole the foosball table can bet I will fuck you up.
Sorry to be the science nerd  but salt is a generic term that refers to many chemicals. So road salt != ocean salt.
yea you'll fuck around and get that ASS tapped tomorrow u keep talking reckless like you are doing
how many friends do you have on facebook?
Sorry about  ur bank trouble  but all that talk about ur Curvy Ass has me way to distracted to get anything done today.
fly most definantly.
slap a bitch? What you want to do is CHOKE A BITCH like Wayne Brady!
Hey! Remember me? Lizzy from the David Cook forums. How've you been? (I'm guessing pretty damn awesome right now... =P)
No- shopping isn't what sucks! It's the crowds that cause the trouble. haha! Love your website btw!!
FUCK YOU!!!!! I'M DIVORCING UR FUCKING ASS!!!!! HMP!!!
What was the question?
Star Trek or Star Wars?
thank you! oooooohhh hot brownies right out of the oven :D
...go absolutely insane.hate to be the bearer of bad news..LoL..dont shoot the messenger (cause we all know you bought that pistol
Lolol well i hate u. K thx 3
iDnt be on da cumputa lyke dat
that sucks that the internet is being twitchy. Hope it works soon. :(
What was the last fight you got into?
I don't have one anymore i deleted it
real fucking good times.
Listener definitely chuz i get cut off alot so i just listen or ignore pplz!
*falls off of bed laughing fabulous ass off* Dude I think that made me BLUSH. WTF? LOL?
hmm didnt even know they existed...no wonder i feel like a complete retard when i cut stuff with a scissor
I hate games like this. All these people shouldn't be going down.
Congrats mate!  That kicks ass!  You should post on the forum to encourage others :)
y0 d!(k !$ l!K3   c0RND0q
i like one of my friends
He's an asshole. I'd fucking bean him  for love of the game. Not starring Kevin Costner.
bitch please your gorgeous
well what if i dont have a favorite? what am i supposed to say then? lol
yeah  I did that a few months ago. How's your show doing man?? looks kick ass!
Make Jon do his own damn homework... or you should at least get an honorary degree when he graduates...LMMFAO
ive achieved alot but recently is surviving my first year of college :D
:D awhhh thankyou  your the best :)r loveyouto:D
 Baby boy you only funky as your last cut. You focus on the past  your ass'll be a has-what   Outkast ;)
all time? i have no idea. but i love comedy movies so i watch them pretty often
I HATE that!
Pittsburgh needs to stop exporting all the CMU grads out to Cali. Damn Cali  w/ their great tech jobs  nice tans  fake boobs!!
i hate having to wait till jan. for the big game lol tedious i tell ya
women are fucking disgusting.
Yeah  they seemed to have fixed most of the fail whale problems.
just read the archive artile on your old site. love the jones comparison. how much hate mail did you get?
me too!!! I also hate closing then opening then closing shifts that gets me all out of wack.
Haha  damn him indeed
Damn............I guess he has a life :(   hahahahahha
you are such a whore LOL
Damn you for seeing the season premire over a month ago!!
i wish dick cheney was gay cause then he would ve shot more ppl in the face
Wow!  You sure have a freak magnet!  I only have one thing to say to you:
Are you scared to lose the person you fell the hardest for? Are you still with this person or have you already lost them?
Damn dog  didnt call them like I said to? Well I is working till around 9ish
because the sandman is being a punk ass ho...
maryy me tabi
*gasps* he hasnt done it so there for he is not a whore.
the office ... Damn its cold... Great Party Last night
and yes.  true life  i have tourettes  is genius.  so is  i went to fat camp   lmaooooooo
I hate to keep sending this link.. but you never got back at me.... Whats good.. 
why do i look so fat?
ROTFLMAOOOOOOO WOW...Cumleone? Cum Alone? Oh sorry...thats funny though.
he is a HUGE POSER! I want Toyboy back!
freak passing shower. was walking by  then suddenly a few big drops came down. thought  oh shit  and ducked in just as it poured.
gay + high on crack + Razor sharp vagina? sounds like   to me
fuck you shane lol
yeah  but w/ that running time u'll be there 2morrow. that mmovie is long as fuck.
Tabithaaaaaa I love youuuuuuuuuuuuuu <3
every now and then
Fanny or dick?
comedy
Damn  brother.  You got a sweet hook up there.
I hate running.
this one and the one about boys at six flags flirting with you that were older  yeah that's too
i like to fuck when i tweetup.
i dgaf
Tempted to start baking cookies too.  Damn the diabetes  full speed ahead;)
Hows The RAM? 250  360  360gb's Damn Dude.i only have 160gb :(
oh okaythats good
VAMPIRE WEEKEND!
Dang that sucks...Sherriff Joe been trying to get that dude in his jails for a minute...not looking good for him
let it find you. it will :]
Favorite lyrics?
yes  it's winter time and i'd hate for her ears to get cold out there on the ocean city boardwalk.
omg! that really sucks! anything serious?
my bleeping employment agency f***ed up my pay *again*. Didn't come on 24 Dec. Now have to wait until 2 Jan. I hate temping
Bomb bomb bomb ;)
you'll be a a monit-whore.
I want beach now. Damn.
Do you consider yourself a good dancer?
Haha youu need a phone !(:
damn straight i am.
dui.
Right on eh! Fucking Fake Canadians cease and desist with using Canadian flags on your backpacks or I'll rip em off for you
I just seen the commercial for that nasty ass chicken sandwich with ham topping you ate today.
Mmmhm!(:
hey loser!  you don't answer your phone anymore... are you channeling your inner stick and losing your phone?
I will still phail at sports XD  And that sucks :( Stupid headphones.
Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
don't you hate yogurt! When you do recover from hating yogurt  go to Trader Joe's  get the Greek style kind  it's fantastic!
Ah. Gay!
I don't want a car. Times like this make me glad I drive a big ass SUV
i hate having to wait till jan. for the big game lol tedious i tell ya
Well good god damn.
sometimes and only when needed ;]
yeah we do... damn this time difference *HUGS*
you should have her talk to   about that. Similarly  he once told me  completely out of the blue   I'd hate to be a bird. 
u know what................. ima put jourdan on your ass.
hahaha! Thanks for the heads up. I hate when that happens
because i'm a dumb ass.
favorite? umm hip hop and rb basically 102.7 kiis fm and 97.1 amp radio are the only stations i listen to :D
have u ever seen a falling star?
Welcome to the fag brigade! Sorry  sorry  I meant to say  Welcome to Twitter!  Is lumieru on LJ. :3
from what i hear from my parents... and newspaper he sucks. not a suitable candidate
It's a necessary part of growth to shed the fat that was piled on during the boon of th 80s. #hhrs #tcot
I'm on my way just to get gas and saw a 314. Damn it.
What award would you love to win and for what achievement?
Wow  what a fine uke.  It's tempting  but I want my charango with 10 strings and damn near impossible to play.
I know. I've been on the slaughtered team often enough to know how bad it sucks  though. And these kids are the creme de la creme ...
Ummm SUMMER bein almost here! Who isnt? haha
I hate to break it to u  homie  but I b the mofo w/ the printing press so uh I think I GET TO BE KING and u morons r mah harem
me too. So entertaining. Dude you watch this mvie called trailor parl of terror. Fucking brilliant.
ew you shat public? XD
idk  good question.
i can fuck with birdwalk..cuz it's a dance beat..but that stupid yes sir..HELL NO!! eat a d*. LOL gucci bandana is aite. not hott
im gnna fxk u up!!!!!! ur a dum hoe
Anyone named kirby is a whore. It's one of the unspoken rules of life.
NO. You're in BATH. You worked your ASS off for this. You're coming home to GREAT THINGS. Have FUN FUN FUN. NOW.
damn  you caught that. ;^)
yea you'll fuck around and get that ASS tapped tomorrow u keep talking reckless like you are doing
okay  cool.
I knw!!!!!  I hate that! D:
they made me shit ;0
 w @N+ yUh +0 $M @(K m3  m  dH  SEx w!Ld n h0+
no prob  but watch out  it's fucking addictive!
as soon as you turned on your computer  what website do you go to first?
yep  and p.s. my phone died im lazy to charge it
the thing that sucks is if i did not have to work today i really could of slept in because the kids are gone
probably not but who the fuck knows what's going on with this show anymore.
LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
I hate TV in general  but Wes' parents have it on constantly so I get to have dinner  rage at the news  current affairs shows
Do you make the jokes or laugh at them?
Yea that is some BS! I HATE MESS LIKE THAT!
oh man....that sounds damn good! now im hungry. damn you!
I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck  what a bad ass opportunity for you.
Considering your love of infrastructure  *you* should speak to Nat'l Ass'n of Counties in March  not Chuck Todd 
twitter whore!
If you had to cook dinner for someone tonight  what would you make?
It is amazing! But  it kinda sucks when it makes you late for work  lol.
I hate you...
Not really but I do like animals. Just not to make love to them. ha
O.O bingo is waaaaay to hard for me. hate it. i wanna fuck it..wait thats didnt come out right
Damn! This is deadly  keep em coming! :P
/emo damn you.
last year <3 7th grade
Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because (it must be) soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
bitch was craaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzy!
lol figured. So anyway  anna is still being a bitch(sorry for the language) She doesnt want to go on the trip. So now onto plan B
Indeed. But the Collier conversation relationship head up your gleeful ass kumbaya stuff needs to be put out with the trash.
try finding a place open to get an Italian beef and it's my birthday! This sucks ass
yesssssssssssssss :D
damn you for getting the comics up early again o_o it gives me nothing to do before school in the morning D:
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #green because... Why the fuck not?
FUCK YEAH BIOSHOCK! Tell me how the apartment hunt goes!
Where did you learn how to drive? I learned in the freeway lol i was paranoid as fuck!!!
lol.. hate u both..
if you were black  that last one would be so damn racist
nerd. :)
Rice :] haha
Ah me. by griffen house :] idk why. It just makes me happy
lol. So damn bitter this morning.
Are u a virgin?
Name 3 drinks you regularly drink?
nooo. id find it interesting to be honest.
Also  I caught that  Gai-damn  earlier  and I support it 100% ;)
resistance sucks  get cod5 or rock band 2 for 360. if you have to get a ps3 game  get mgs4.
everything on my bucket list.r skydiver make babiesr grow oldr have a gardenr help someone drasticallyr ..
dude no offence you're awesome but currently I think I hate you. :0)
*hugs*  fuck em.  Listen to ur Ipod   dont let da man get ya down.  :)
BTW  when are you going to let Alice eat more than a fucking strawberry?
Do you trust easily?
 and btw I hate the new Pepsi logo/can. Maybe cause I didn't get one in the mail...ha j/k
Damn  just realized you're moving here to Boston to work for Harmonix (rock on  and congrats!)
How many silly bands do you own? :]
a nevershoutnever video
GOD.
arse for king! I get mine out all the time! Hey  I'm gonna be fat old n wrinkely one day! My god cider is not my friend! Or is it?
that sucks that the internet is being twitchy. Hope it works soon. :(
i just fucking beat you!
Well idk who youu are  So ..hha im afraid of strangerrrs.
 I hear what you sayin gurl but you mean to tell me you caint have friends??  *insert piss poor false sincerity here*
haha nah you know me:) just guess...
Speechless... that's all I got to say couldnt think of anything to say oh ya and you still need to read me your published poem that way when your famous I can say ya I knew she was a good writer before she became famous ;)
lol.. that sucks..it's so nice in miami... catching that ocean breeze from the balcony....don't want to rub it in...lol
Both 
i can see the revolting illegal avatar now :) tempted to make my pussy misbehave in sympathy
they don't do any of it. Them they try to front afterwards  like  I did this and that to him last night!  I hate when chicks lie
Keep your damn hands off my  @jgarber. We claimed him first!
no guarantees.  hate the place. I'm ust going there to make sure my parents are still alive.
Do you believe in Karma and Destiny?
Like Zebra man said in rock n roll parking lot. LIFE SUCKS SHIT!
  fuck it  lemme put on some D-Block and throw on my Apricot Scrub with exfoliating beads. Saturday baby
LIES! I HATE HIM!
its good. i like how she incorporated her life in her newwest album. after her having a kid and all..
I HATE YOU *eats spoon full of oatmeal and slurps down diet coke
how so? It's more reasonable cause of the smaller age difference...plus Mikey's always sex deprived so he's a fucking animal.
Ill save you the trouble sister. Here comes a big ol fuck France block coming your way here on the twitter.
Hate to say  but John's dad was a major OB/GYN (Yeah  nightmare for me  and he holds out that there are no flu positives:)
aint a piss take....did you watch it?
Gypsy bitch!!!!!
UGH  the same!  I almost hate it.  Would love to get to sleep at 8or9 like my hubby.  Used to be an early bird!
nope  im actually very picky on who i date
wow
Can you draw pictures well?
okaaaaayyy
damn bro  best of luck.
-- I'm an attention whore  man. It was only a matter of time. NY  CA.
Do you believe in love?
dude  fucking seriously  you watched hella  now pay or wait an hour. bull shit. I want Stage 6 back!
Tell her she says Bitch like it's a bad thing
do the makers of Friendster uses Facebook? =)
The beach is fucking shit  you're my daddy  and soccer is for faggots.
Ooooh! Weasels! My favorite.  At one time  I had Four! Smart little fuzzy time sucks.
I love to draw. I took 3 years of Studio Art in HS and you had to turn in a portfolio to get in the class.. ;)
find the perfect guy for me :]
i feel fucking great get me another drink
love
Damn me and my  purty  mouth!  Why couldn't I have been born with an ugly one!
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
been there done that  it really sucks. One of them isn't happy. I know I wasn't 
will do when i get home  only time i heard it was warped though  fuck life!
Do you like mustard?
sing to the radio
i hate u! Jk.. But u can keep it.
with nail grooming tools? file  clippers  no biting people! thats so gross and unsanitary.
Do you generally believe people when they telly ou sorry? Or do you question it?
he is a HUGE POSER! I want Toyboy back!
hmm well i don't think that she'll hate anyone  its hard to say who she'll like or get along with best though.
other than the Slowskis  I find all of their ads annoying  but i hate most ads. long live DVRs
yep
enough undies!! :)
awz cum ova
after the viewing of said video footage who sees it next?
nope
it was a joke haha. i figured id be emo too since everyone is complaining on here
DOnt PULL ovER!!! Never do that. Just keep going until your somewhere public and really well lighted all around. and then maybe go there until they leave. idk that would be freaky
sure you can  I'll hide the flashlight. go emo go!
I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck  what a bad ass opportunity for you.
If you can be in a fairytale.. what story would you choose to be in?why?
What character from a movie most reminds you of yourself?
damn straight
I have one for your information WTF. That's MY LIFE  NOT YOURS. You best think twice before you try to steal my stuff  bitch.
lol ohkay hi
i really hate 2008 goshh so much crap
the show just seems gay overall. what man would compete to be another man's friend? the hell...
Justtt hit dha G spot so I can orgasm wit dhat bigg dikk Of yours.  Im ova alix. Yuhh betta! ;)
its life I suppose.
like 4 or 5
Because  Oh  for fuck's sake!  has so much more impact. And our generation likes to offend old people as deeply as possible.
slut...just pelvic thrust anyone
I iz calm now  cept I can't figure out how to properly edit my wordpress templates. NERD ALERT NERD ALERT.
then eat  ass! Don't eat ass though  just eat...you ass
Hot damn! It works!  Thanks. Hendersonville  too. My house!
I'm good for a lot more than some damn pie but that's another conversation lol
Do you have any obsessions?
Girls; Have you ever had an accident while on the rag? Boys; Have you ever peed outside the toilet? (Yuck)
I think ur not pretty. Sorry.
goddamn it kj...fuck you 29 times 
I've been wondering that myself. Its been down for quite a damn long time...   any comment on that?
there's nothing better than listening to music on shuffle and hearing you say  you bitch!  randomly in the middle of it.
i dont care if its him or his ppl ... i care if its authorized or a poser squatting
I've never been to New York  and Peyton was an ass when the Chargers wanted to draft him  but I do love to win.
i hope singing along- i'd hate to think i'm torturing poor little Pixel!
I never really thought about it  but I nearly always eat a big-ass plate of spaghetti and watch Goodfellas on Christmas eve
HAPPY FUCKING BDAY YOU OLD MAN!!!!!! 3333333333 CELEBRATE TONIGHT WITH A TALL COLD ONE :) wooo!
I'm late to the emo-ball.. I'm not even dressed.  WHY un-follow you?  What did you do now (pft- can't take him anywhere...)
hahah yeah yeah :)
Mahalo(:
thats why I hate megavideo.  I'll see if I can get someone to update the episodes with an offshore video hoster.
I accidentally just deleted the thing you just wrote to me D: SEND IT AGIIIINNNN
Not at all
Yeah  those same ugly guys that do gay-for-pay. That's why I demand hot girl on girl action in my porn. Oh oh. Yeah.
no fuck you
is your room messy or super neat?
lulz. fat chance!  good news is no bacn from friends adding you :D
Do any of your friends have children?
foooooooooooooood! :D
No  Joe. I am not gay. This is the 3rd time you've asked. Still straight. Not really the kind of thing that changes wk to wk
Mmm...Pizza pie!  You know...Papa Murphy's sounds damn good right now.
hard to kick ass yourself with slippers on?  On it.
What was the worst place you've traveled to?
yeah apparently anytime you use the word  hate  on a tweet  your ass gets retweeted and subsequently followed.  Reminds me of .
damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
I want to make sure that nobody ever calls me  fat  again and that when I look in the mirror my outside reflects my inside.
how's the weather there?
thanks sugar  i get a little sensitive here and there. damn holidaze!
Sun or Snow?
Who was the last person to make you laugh the hardest?
What website do you spend the most time on?
oooh  I wish I could! but then I have to shave my widow's peak to get them to hang right. And what a bitch to grow back! LOL
Nope.
Wow...so you bought what's fashionable at...gay biker bars!!!  Congrats!!!  :-)
Fuck that  boo the DJs who don't play Che..Dude has at least 5 songs every DJ should be playin HEAVILY...DJs need to stop slackin.
happy for you  sucks for me!  this should have been SNOW!
follow me  you jackass. i hate you sometimes.
dick van dyke is way cooler too.
you were first to reply with Rudolph. Did you know the dentist elf  misfit theme was really about being gay  not fitting in?
  @kmellon:  I'm 500 pages in AND at the day job.  Eat that dick.
haha I always say that! Girl or not  I too can rock out with my cock out! Hah
    I hate Walmart anymore. I'm gonna have to start taking my own cart with spikes and barbed wire. Maybe flamethrowers.
Ready to Par-tay at Speedy Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve... will U be there? ;)
I Havent Gotten 2 that part!! haha
I don't hate any man but I want every fan and reporter who was humping his leg at the start of the season to reflect on the season.
if I ever fall alseep with them on  I wake up with the off. Hate them.
Heores Season 2 sucked! Full of emo shit!
long piece on that on my FB page and got bitch-slapped.  But I'm not interested in social networking by someone's  people 
damn  now I'm hungry
how many of you like twilight series?
i know...and not in a good way! grrrrr I want to fuck!!!! lol
How many lies do you think you have told in your life time?
No I don't know anyone and yes I did know that.
and  @rapperbigpooh. Was that Sheila easton? Nah...it was that chick that used to fuck with Prince right?
Numb by linkin park
I nominate   in categories  @biggest-jack-ass and  @tech
that sucks!
Have you seen Bitch magazine's article about twilight? about  absitence porn  
shut ur ass up! u woulda been wondering the same thing lol. done rehearsing 4da night  planning 2knock out...right about.....now
longboard + fat hill + car
You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
I wanna butt fuck you. Cuz im a horny gremlin
Yes i have. Not the newest one with Will Smith's kid and the chinese boys pickin on him but i have all the others with the white kid  hahaha there all great movies :)
pretty gurrrl(:
what does teaachgee mean? do you know what emahsnouoy mean? :]
Yep. We are tweeting each other too. Mostly with messages like  U R A NERD.  Indeed  he is the man of my dreams :-)
well if i said slut i would have to include Fish in that category
u would call me coz i said so and im extremely bored mwhahahaa  im guessing angel but i met more ppl on that day so it could be anyone....
Damn. 11a-2p RT  @Orbitcast: New  Kids Stuff  show launching on Sirius XM Kids Place Live 
would you date a girl with a pierced tongue or lip?
Naw. I gave him tomorrow off. Fuck  my carpet's a mess.
worst food you've eaten that you almost throw up?
hahahahahahahahahaha whyyyyyyyyyyyy?r maybe? he is cute.
It's kinda like  2% milk.  Sounds great! Only 2% fat! But whole milk is 3.5% fat. Oh  not such a big deal anymore.
I fukin called ya white pussy gammon ass like 2times smh...I juss got ofa work now...ima head by u
Not to me :/ damn though. i hate being sick.
i bitch slapped my cousin once.
cunt? Whore?? Lololol
 Agreed  snow is fine  ice sucks (well  and all the silly drivers on the road) :)
it's emo because you used a razor. An explained joke isn't funny. :(
vampire :)
ha! that's awsome  i'm just right at prime so i'm at 4% before this drop  3.5% is pretty kick ass.
Egypt :)
hold up nigga..u cant hate Jay-Z...might have to beat yo ass like that nigga did when that other guy said F Tupac...lmao
 Marryyyyy!!!!??/ LOL! itss yuhh boo!!! Hahaha Noo durr suckkaaa!!! Nahhh i loveee yuhhhh mooOee!!!
Hope so  but damn. I want out of here. *grumbles*
LOVE THEM :]
sucks!!! i'm sorry
lol... I have ass too..
haha naw pink fuck that! You just know what you want  and I feel you. whoo-hoo! lmao!!
IMA ROUNDHOUSE KICK U IN UR FISCAL POLICY IF U FUCK WITH MY ABILITY TO PRINT TEH MONEEZ  MOFO!
i hope you know i hate you. frances is one of my best friends! ass hole!
MegaKoko sounds pretty god damn cool. Maybe hook a laser to his back and stove lighter  and you could have hamster wars.
lmfao im telling yew
If you bumped your car into another car  but nobody saw you do it  would you leave your name and address?
yo baby maker... Love my iPhone... Hate the auto-correct... They need to teach it  hip 
what's the best movie you have ever seen?
haha i don't really like walmart that much either. hmm yeah that sucks :( hope you find one
yeah i would say so.
Do you ever think of becoming a model?
Damn  some in-n-out would hit the spot.
Have you ever fell in love with someone who you knew was no good for you?
I have one for your information WTF. That's MY LIFE  NOT YOURS. You best think twice before you try to steal my stuff  bitch.
yep
dude  that kind of sucks.
fuck you haha
I love them too. Though I have to say that Sylar is my favorite villian in the show. I love to hate him. Hehe.
yeahhh me to  except i guess if they were i dont think they would be under my name or whatever  so idk how we would find them
If LiquidWeb would do that for me  I'd be their BFF and Personal Whore Forevah.
why do you eat so much you fat bastard
Ah me. by griffen house :] idk why. It just makes me happy
You know all about some interpretive gay dancing.
hmm money.
Oh man...that sucks!
Haha! Staring at my doctor thru sunglasses while he was in my mouth! HAHAHA!!!
aww thankss yuu aree to
LOL  nah  that's just what we tell the loser guests that we usually toss down in the newsroom!! oh  wait...
Frickin turnovers! Dang flags.  SD's gonna beat our ass and Denver is going to blow a 3 game lead. They don't deserve to win.
Fuck yeah. I noticed that too.
biiiiiishop!  fuck u want?  yo ass punk...
What time is your alarm clock set for?
everything but you. Everything but you sucks.
a semicolon sounds like some sort of gay sex act gone wrong
because like everything you do  its ASS Backwards !!!!
o so the rumors are true i am OBESE! yea fat!
Jesus fucking h Christ!!!!
cool i got itunes aswell but i only use because ive got an ipod and i hate windows media player
ha ha loser :)
damn dude  we just missed each other in phoenix
All the time. haha  Unless we're going out. Its uhhh more comfy!
You can choose your method of dying and the place in which you will die. Where would you like to die and how?
U can be a freak and not like girls.
no.
Well hell  looks like I know what I'll be doing Tues. This is the worst  no? Cold  dark  boring as fuck. I want 2 sleep til April.
because theyre priorities in life are to live and be happy with those around them. not what they have and their neighbor may have more than them....theres a lot more to life than material. plus they dont know any different to them that is life.
You know what you are? You're like a big bear with claws and with fangs... big fucking teeth  man.
i forgot 2 call in gay 2day too! blast!
What's one food you'll never eat again?
doll  you know i'm fucking feelingggggg you!  thank god you'recoming this weekend so it forces these fuckers to get on it.
Wow  that sucks!
Okay well my computer won't let me ask you anymore question right now emahsnouoy haha so i'll hit you up later? :]
I'm cool with darts  if we still get to kick someone's ass either before or after.
ha not that creepy. because it's week 10 and I'm fucking stressed out as hell. I wish I could take a trip down there x.x
How the hell do we get in these money situations? Sometimes I just feel like saying fuck it and have them come for my car.
nope
i swear to fucking god bitch. i hate you so much. you think you can add people and just talk shit on there pages? haha  naaa. yuuu must got us fucked up. im going to hunt your ass down and beat the shit out of youu with my own to hands. kbitchhhh?
whats candyman? hahha
man  they photoshopped the fuck out of summer glau. her boobs have a life of their own  her face looks like a bad glamour shot.
Uhmmm depends on the mood im in I guess haha
Seriously! 'Oh Great  a giant American flag! WTF are we supposed to do with it? Fuck it  send it to Price is Right'
HOLY FUCK!
What do you do for headaches?
really!!??! haha
Considering half of my fucking company has been laid off this morning   MY BAD DAWG  might be appropriate
yeah  I know. I hate hollywood but there's a party there that I want to go to.
why did you fuck it up. I could do it all day too. Let's do it when you have an hour. Ping me later to sched writing a book here.
omg i hate scottiethehottie!! he is a retarded spammer!! he is photographer08 (it got deleted ...
Aw  I know  I was just being emo haha.  It's been a LONG week on a lot of levels.  ha.  Let's do something fun tonight!
Is your middle finger longer than your ring finger?
hate you...
Are you a morning or night person?
Captain Jean Luc Pic-card of the USS Enter-prize  Captain Jean Luc Pic-Y'KNOW WHAT? FUCK YOU  TEMPLESMITH!
Nahh
I got fuck all for Christmas babe. How about you?
good fuck that greasy shit!Veggies all day fam!! even seth be on that salad all day.he eat it with his hands but still!!
hey angel  you duh sexy
i hate when i miss mac chats! grrr
the one im in now. one year and 3 months
aw man that sucks!
id die if he was super antsy i wanna request vacation and know when my shows r damn it first series anyway
lol how ya kno
okay
Then Clive is a total pussy and after reading his Dominion shit I do not believe that. Oh Clive so many missteps.
pig(s) !!! Wow  always thought you had plenty of space  but how many did you eat 
deffo the star girls.......
ya luv to hate it right ha ha lol night night exercise queen :)
hmm..illegal huh? r Yes. Ive gotten 2 dui's in the same year before I learned its not a good idea to drink and drive. I've smoked green. And shroomies are my favorite. though I do not do drugs anymore. r Dont judge meee :( haha
make it big enough for my extended family and those who really arent family but treat them like they are to live in
I would be saying the same damn thing about you. LMAO idc if I know you I'd be like see that ridiculous bitch? RI-DIC-U-LOUS
If you didn't have enough money to get the bus home what would you do?
I'm 1/2 with that  as a Realtor  my other 7/8ths would like 2 C stimulus 4 the housing market.  Damn'd if you do  Damn'd...
hate u
I will super hero my ass out there and blow the tire up myself!!!
ass.
yeah  it sucks :(
okayyyy
Its just the way this world works these days. haha
no i didn't actually
its cool how you swear when your only 13 :)
wow   that sucks.
i hate sewing. Period.
Ye Olde Cock looks nice.
Yeah  I was teasing Dad  he got a new snow blower  and I said as much as I hate rain  I don't have to shovel it  get home and SNOW!!
Do you want to get married?
dayumm stupid fuckin cunts stop talking your shit get a fuckin life go suck your moms dick and chock on it dayumm lil pussys take it of anonamis or watever -stephanie iloveyou alexis :)
ass balls... lmfao.
damn I'm behind
If you know that down the road there was a business that dismembered baby boys and girls each week would you do something to stop it from continuing? And would you be a bad person if you didn't try to stop it?
does it look like i give a flying fuck? ;]
Nah  high in calories. Hold on and ill send a delicious low fat picture
I love them too. Though I have to say that Sylar is my favorite villian in the show. I love to hate him. Hehe.
jacob sucks  i hate the werewolves  im with the vampires GRR
yea
well find him and kick his butt too! I hate it when people take advantage of the mentally challenged.
cant wait to get FUCKED THE FUCK UP
I hate bleach I have sensitive skin but I fits to have my MW!
i may go with velour track suit.  just have to find one! because i hate shopping  even in the best of circumstances
dont bother with low fat brownies
If you had to throw away either your TV or your computer  which would you choose?
heck  there are stupid ass  gurus  telling their little sheep to infiltrate twitter to maximize profits.. LOL
yeah. time zones are a bitch.
awe  how gay :P
you are fucking killing me. Please come to a party at my house next time yer in LA. Rice pilaf will be ready
HOT DAMN! Congratulations!
fucking jp losman
what's the last thing you said to your sibling?
Are you vain?
get out of my fucking brain!  I am not yours!
Hey  don't knock the Port+OJ until you've tried it.As cold remedies go  you're still sick but no longer give a damn. ;)
What!? Oh  that sucks!
But Vader had a cool clubhouse... tils his even whinier and more emo son blew it up
gotta hate those fake posers
Okay  now we've established that  would you go gay for $7?
lmao  i hate you. 3
fuck yeah
I HATE that!
u know what................. ima put jourdan on your ass.
growl;]
yes
the matrix still Kicks ASS!!!!!
Hahaha! that looks so emo...poor guy thats y i prefer drums
u hate the name bob so much that ur gonna change ur name to bcbryar? lol nice
dont know you that well. ha and not probably
...mounting comcast sucks soapbox now...
caan you go get me some maccas?
Why do you think people stalk other people?
yes. yes. and yes. ive done all the above before
We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
iAnit flaw so juz chill
that's what you fucking get for that fucking video!
Damn it  how do you ALWAYS post the cool links first? :-) (Catching up on today's tweets.)
What song always makes you happy when you hear it?
HUH?
idk lol
What's your favourite part of you on the outside and your favourite part on the inside?
I hate it when you get  blue  teeth. LOL
lol how ya kno
your a pale whore..
Does eating carrots really help you to see in the dark?
i like to be nakeed
my mum
oranges fuck yeah
did you get all my questions? cause I've been flooding you for the past few days..
When was the last time you received flowers?
I haven't been online for like three weeks hhaha
Where does the toetag go on a dead person if they don't have toes?
Damn that's a lot of money for tickets! I guess her little girl only turns 16 once though. :-)
No can do  Maria. I'm going out alone. Don't stress about your shitty wombat friend. He sounds like a loser. Get some sleep.
Thanks for sharing LJKA an acronym to live by... Lets Just Kick Ass! no meetings... no folderol... my favorite mode also!
you need to work in that department so you can clean your smelly ass.
gotta hate those fake posers
What is the most expensive thing you have on right now?
The tilt looks cool. I always get the newest phones  I'm a cell phone addict or whore....
get them all out of the dome ....NOW damn it...
drawing a blank... damn! will have to watch it again now... oh well...
iLove your nose ring!
watt yuu meann...?
I HATE technology  but it makes life easier. The problem is when technology messes ^. Take an online course  ur computer messes up
alright. The test is on Monday and I'm gonna be studying my ass off.
Not during the party  b/c Dick's in a good mood much of the night. So Bart doesn't get it beat out of him now.
fat browser? tell me more! like gOS/CloudOS?
yes  you remember me trying to keep *MY* lashes on for the awards this year- never fucking wearing those damn things AGAIN
get the fuck out! Wtf.
no guarantees.  hate the place. I'm ust going there to make sure my parents are still alive.
the punk ass pistons?
well damn we should have had a tweet up. I was at Kona last night as well.
oil spill  and world peace and world hunger :] i know thats 3 but i cant choose lol
Well that sucks.
bad mood. i think its bedtime. i hate alcohol it ruins everything. :( hey what u doin 2night? x
They beeped out  cock  .. eh gad! What do they do with vera on corination street with here  Coming to the rovers cock? 
Spam me? (:
but damn  dropping ice cream on your CHEST??? what an awesome visual.
nerd!
and biggest. That would be a bad-ass name too. At least his middle name.
LMAO!! I aint gonna front  shit did look kinda moist! Ol Duncan Hines Ass!!! LOL!!
Ha i fucking love it!!! ask for a feature and it's live in 5 minutes. LOL that is no longer my world
Well damn  that means you working wit something!  Lol..
Yes. Its dumb. hahah
1  no 2  idk..???? help me out give me there myspace  3. no i use to live in idaho but i recently moved to texas.4. i have plenty of pictures at my school  home old home whatever and PLENTY of videos.5 MY PICS ARE IN PHOTO BUCKET???
i hate sewing. Period.
My mind.
and biggest. That would be a bad-ass name too. At least his middle name.
I already answered that
lol hate to admit this for everyone on twitter to see  but i've actually started doing this too.. horrible..
Curbed sucks! Scrubs is the greatest show ever created
If you were given a chance to go to the moon  would you go? Why or why not?
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK BIIAAAATCH!
well clearly the shoe purchase is more impressive  because ITS A FUCKING SHOE!!!
I would tell th
aries.
the office ... Damn its cold... Great Party Last night
well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
oh yeah! Radios powered by pork fat!
yes. and its a little creepy
GO TO HELL xD
Are you more of a talker or more of a listener?
Favorite female comedian?
no regrets.
that is a delicious ass! and coming from this ass fetishist..it's a big thing! :D
Hahah Helllz yess! I will mamas!!<3 love u!
dont hate me. i cant go either. cause the tickets are ridic expensive. and all sold out except for the most expensive ones.
i guesss so. ha
The damn bitches at best buy took my damn laptop
fuck u and ur early screenings...jealous...prepare for tuesday mash...im coming with woody to freebirds/mash
damn  that was hard  my last attack: gnocchi! If you answer to this  you'll win
Have you ever had a stalker?
lmao  a grown ass man having brunch is even gaaaaayer!
THAT WAS THE MOST  MOST BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS CARD I HAVE EVER RECEIVED.  I MEAN  DAMN.  80
what sucks?
get on messenger already whore.
Stop getting so damn skinny and maybe your pants will fit! =P
The dam  @chilis? Is this like the pig under your tree? Have you cracked open the chard already?
:D Even though they changed a little lately and now it sucks more than ever  they still have the most shows.
Pink Roses!(:
FUCKING ELLAS A RETARDED CUNT ALOT OF PEOPLE COULD DO A BETETER JOB THEN HERE SHES RACIST AGAINST BLACKS
how are you?
Funny that the guy's last name is Dick...bwaha! :-D
What? Yours WORKS? I hate you.
call me emo again and i'll cut myself
No. Im with my first and am gladly in love with him-r HARD TO GET is always BETTER! :)
I laughed so hard when I first heard because my gay husband (good friend  lol) says code 3 when he has an emergency
y does u talk shit about peyton 
stop hating on the tube...its this damn censorship thats pissing me off more
That sucks.
  hate me for it later  but it's not bad
Isn't any way you file taxes the gay way?
Frak the trainer.  Work out w/o him.  Don't quit because he's a dick.
Your bio is quite interesting  it says  booo you whore. Are you talking about yourself? I am very confused.
it is so not beneath me to shake my ass! No cameras tho plz
Awh yourr so sweet(: Who are youu?
You know it :]
FUCK YOU RIGHT IN THE FILTHY PUCKERING SPHINCTER YOU CALL A SOUL!
Do you believe in the quote  I'll sleep when im dead''?
bitch i am an eagle scout i will cut you and then perform rudimentary but effective first aid on you
hola! Orli ... we are www.LuckyStartups.com looking to interview some kick ass peeps in Israel... you up to it?
so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
school...kinda
i will but now the only problem is im realllyyyy not looking forward to seeing some gay show
your mad ugly. true talk.
Now I have to try my best to get my ass blocked by  @souplantation.
I don't know what an ocean park is.. but if it counts  I've went to seaworld twice :]
Clearly  manufacturers rarely use common sense to make customers happy  when they can easily just piss you off and make $$$$
aw that sucks!
yes
(; hehe that's funny I want to fuck your tight ass
Actually i do!!! Just my whole experience with this fake a$$ friend!!</3
i'm late but my damn pic mail ain't sending nowhere. they said i need to add the app? wtf?
i quit heroes. nathan is a fucking douche.
what's gay about a sausage squirting at you?
I had no clue...Damn  Homie!!!
Do you have a boyfran?
it is one of my lesser performances. Iz kinda like fat elvis vs. young elvis.
that sucks :(
Lobsters and ligatures? Are you a Portland-area type nerd  then?
nah i hate watermarks.. plus i should stop being a hypocrite though as i post things out of google image search on the regular.
LOL I did zackly same thing! BTW thanks for leading me to   Just reqd Born Loser's Guide to Abundance! 
i hate blackbird cause it's never enough food
i have a problem i like to call desk ass.  my ass gets wider the more i sit in that damn chair.
my bleeping employment agency f***ed up my pay *again*. Didn't come on 24 Dec. Now have to wait until 2 Jan. I hate temping
bahaha i doubt it
ahhh true.. true... plus it plays music XD
 marinates penis  That's gay dude.
Dick Whittington's Lolcat: I WAS DOIN CAPS FOR LOLSPEAK  SORRY FER CONFYUSHION :( #twitpanto
you bet your sweet ass you will!
How did you meet Adriane Torres
LOVE IT
haha I wish. why so mac hate-y-ish?
goddamn it kj...fuck you 29 times 
That sounds like a plan. :) Kick ass  indeed. And any beat that stands the test of time is a banger  for true.
Yes  I have you and a bunch of other special people following me.  I just don't wanna waste the follow on some random fuck. :)
I like to look at it as  meeting their needs  not necessarily  kissing ass ... although if you can do both  do!
Hell yeah!!! And the best bit of movie dialogue ever..Jason says  I am NOT the gay!  ... OK Jason i belive you ;)
What is the most expensive thing you have on right now?
like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
too late  I am skipping town bitch! (gets on express train)
damn. lol. let me try something else. hot lesbian sex. nekked girl on girl. free porn.
aw that sucks.
Do you prefer Chinese or Mexican?
Ahhhhhhhhh so glad to see you. HNY  ditto.  FUCK CANCER
yes.
thanks for the spoiler alert lady!  I misquoted Jane Austin from Pride  Prejudice in that last tweet.  Damn  I'm good
$10 for water is better than the throat fucking i got for free the last time i was there.
Nahh unless i wanted to talk to someone taken from me unexpectedly.
damn I'm behind
damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
lol to ever since I got this twitterific I'm tweeting my ass off lol
HAIR PRODUCTS? I hear Hair Products?? lol i hear your getting beat up us girls do stick together...against them bad ass boys
lols wow how wass ur easter.?
Stop it with that damn song
yes that sucks! So that's y I'm reading everything again!!! Can't go by what she says
*wear*
Do astronauts change their clocks when they move over different time zones in space?
Who is the most annoying celebrity?
sucks for you... i make impulsive statements but dare i say Joell's version  Cudi's?
I will cut you in the mouth bitch!
As opposed to a non fucking fuck?
I have many! 2many actually bhut i guess when i found my lifetime friends ;D
kkk
And you didn't even make it a dick joke? I feel like I don't know you.
whare do you live? which countr i mean lol ^_^
i love you
Who is your favorite member of Short Stack?
Fuck you Ian  I know you're using a joke book!
BITCH...you got a working Zune  and I don't like it! Yea you got one...BUT IT AINT ENUFF!
holy fuck. i would just make pasta or something if i were you  that is ridiculous.
ha ha ha ha damn good :D
I guess. so
I might get in a snowball fight out this bitch!
Did u watch bieber on oprah?
i have never had it.
I wanna fuck you.
Sheeyat....Freezing rain is no punk. Hope you didn't fall  bust your ass in the parking lot.... I almost did.
Yes.
Janet son of a gun. haha
nerd glasses lol mine are sexyer
lisha n jennie
We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
#NAME?
that sucks    plays this game called cube crash that she really likes. You should check it out.
oh man. the malls are a mess  it grosses me out. ohhh capitalist dogma  how i hate you
that's why I throw a hard ice grill at him...no words...get the ticket and get the fuck out cause I've never had luck
Thank you(:
That sucks man. Hopefully my apartment survives the break.
Beu03c4ter thu03b1n formspru03b9ng  try 
Yes I believe so. I try to be kind to everyone and make the world a little bit better somehow :]
psshhh!! your on the WRONG side of SHUT THE FUCK UP!
I hate my life haha
because theyre priorities in life are to live and be happy with those around them. not what they have and their neighbor may have more than them....theres a lot more to life than material. plus they dont know any different to them that is life.
your cute ;) dump jaybee and come talk to me
ya digg
I have all my questions do you guys have them??
yes. i have before :) i gave a dude a jump on my way to school hahaha
what's gay about a sausage squirting at you?
LOL well it's funny as hell they got two fat asses trying to fit threw some small holes.
oh my god thank you. I HATE IT HERE IN CALI! Though  you should wait till it gets hot. Then it sucks MORE. lol
Ohhh well i didnt know you were doing that  you know since the questions come backwards to you..hahhaa sorry about all the show your face comments. hahha
What? Yours WORKS? I hate you.
Listen  RayRay  I gave you the lowdown as soon as I got it. I hadn't heard it b4 and I was shocked. She seems to hate his guts.
Hot coffee  iced coffee!! :] haha
I hate Juno. That movie blows!
sucks for you
Y'know  it's very stereotyped emo.. I know plenty of older people who follow the trend  cult the whole way.
if you had the opportunity to be in a movie with any actor/actress who would it be?
hold up nigga..u cant hate Jay-Z...might have to beat yo ass like that nigga did when that other guy said F Tupac...lmao
I don't hate you. My last partner was 130 lbs and I got him up to 165 lbs of solid muscle. I hated him 4 looking better than me
they stole my slogan!!! I hate them for that!
Damn I remember bein huddled five deep in front of a WinAmp browser in the West Towers Dying over this!!
You kidding  I bloody hate anime  and I liked Bleach.
That sucks dude!
Do you wear hoodies often?
Still  it's damn moronic that media people can't access media  particularly media made by their own company!
Haha  damn him indeed
do you think you could make it in the woods with just camping supplys for a week? {no cellphone.)
She makes me sick. She thinks she's cool and youthful cuz she watches that show. Phony bitch.
Committed  I want to like one girl cause then I will know for sure that she is the one((: <3
did i jus get a reply from an emo asian!? CRAZY!
fuck no _ I'll be out there by myself.  That's my ALONE time. Meditate if you will. Me the pipe  the stars rflecting  thnkng
Grammar nerd.
says  ahaha thankss. my auntie kim always says it grassy ass=] she's amazing. 
omgomgomg those shoes with the little flower holy fuck i want them
yes. for sure.
hmmm...the mac and cheese im eating right now. haha
ditto bitch!
damn right
hahahahaaha the way you were them makes you appear that way.
ok I take you off of my hate list and send you hugs  I am in business..this is my alter ego. mwahahah
It sucks!!! My kitty (adopted alley cat) only knows how to potty outside  so I was freezing my arse off trying to get it in. LOL
ripping off Emo Phillips + ba-dum-bum jokes wouldn't get my vote even if i was the web-voter type.
fuck no _ I'll be out there by myself.  That's my ALONE time. Meditate if you will. Me the pipe  the stars rflecting  thnkng
The ole Cell Phone Yeller in the Elevator. That sucks.
Why are u goin to North?
I'm blocking you because you have no value. Go back to telemarketing  or some other loser marketing scheme.
It's even better when each time you call Trimet  the miles stay THE FUCKING SAME. Grr...
.....I.Hate.Him. He's.... UGGG!
SON OF A .... bitch! hahahahahahaha
Eat twat   you twitter whore.
wats wid the 3469 .. omg... u're on twitter ... U gave in to the phenomenon .. Folie a deux postponed what the fuck ???????????????
What a fab site! I didn't see the cozy *snort* but I want the mermaid gloves! Damn I wish I'd paid attention to my Nana... xxx ooo
My problem is that bankers and investors have taken risks regardless of being told how bad things could fuck up.
just because of a dang song. Over it now but damn. Maybe listening to random music while getting ready isn't good/ :o
  Done! But I must tell you  that negro got a hard ass head. My elbow hurts...
I hate it  too.
Praying for your grandmother and your momma. I hate that they are facing so much.
I did. but now im overwelmed with questions hahah thanks to you! :]
Idk.. wait WHaaaa? lol
i forgot about the clothes haa. i cant wait to get my ass in2 my skinnys! :) i belive im also getting 2 pairs of pjs. scorreeee!! :L
He was just being a dick in H CoT4  his attitude caused wipes  which made him a bigger dick. It was a vicious circle.
 Text me bitch!!! :)
I still hate the Tinder Box... It hinders our couple social circle. Thank God the holidays are almost over.
that sucks :(
Have you ever locked yourself out of a car?
why do you eat so much you fat bastard
omg is he like 19? MUAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA you're such a fucking cradle snatcher  bb.
Joanne Angel? You know how much I hate you right now :p 3 XXXorcist
Haha  fat chance! Night! LoveLoveLove!
haha thanks. I hear that a bit.
i found you on jensens thingie. i cant really see your picture but i guess your cute?
i hate this this sucks butthole im so mad im pissed i told that person not to tell
(cont) I say  the whole sheet costs $8.40... buy one of each and get the fuck out of my way!
um um um um um um um bank it and then go shopping with a keycard thingo coz then if i got robbed it wouldnt matter as much hahahahahaha
popcorn!!! twizzlers. and some mike and ikes.
ah crap  I knew I was going to hate myself-must be bedtime.  How do you run a SB campaign though  must b for an existing site?
r u retarded  :P jking
lol hate to admit this for everyone on twitter to see  but i've actually started doing this too.. horrible..
yearly moby dick readathon in new bedford where melville began his story of the great white whale
Just another day  money to be made  got my hater blockers on for those haters who goin hate... Thats how im feeling today.
Nope.
they always asked me brent   on a scale of 1-10 whats ur pain im like 1 fucking million bitch and they are like  ok no meds =(
haha. word. i'm having a glass of wine and retooling my erotica blog project. if i'm gonna be all emo i may as well channel it
Personally  I was just thinking Fuck Chase Bank. There are no good ones. They're all snakes.
k im hella boredddddddd hurry the fuck up i saw my bro playing it  game looks sick
Yeah  they seemed to have fixed most of the fail whale problems.
  damn! No kidding!
LOOOOL TA PHOTO =D !tu as aim silvester ou pas  :S jamais bourr ensemble -_-' mais trop chr l-bas LOL et le GAY MDR  lieb dich
Have you ever kissed someone on the beach?
I know Ripley lives  I don't think the others do. Sucks to be them!
me and scarletts
kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
I wanna get him a ring that means  ur a great kid to fuck 
Ehhh i guess spiderman
THATS SOUNDS SO GOOD!!!!! FUCK!!!!!
How often do you get sick?
haha! No. We have a new stand up board at work and we have barstools to sit on. I hate them!
damn girl. that was fire!
Hahaha  Testosterone Man!!!  I met Mega Bitch Soccer Mom the other day. She took the time to stop  honk her horn   flip me off
What was the question?
what others do you have?
no i didn't actually
I mean you hate it but you bought it  doesn't that speak for itself
that sucks =/ you'll get into the other ones.
HOLY FUCK! that was one tough fucking cow!
yea my sister
ill settle that bitch down real quick
How do you think STD's came to be?
so you said you were on your way like an hour ago  you only live like 15 min away..where youu be? ;D
Favorite Sesame Street Character?
even though I was at the same lunch as you  we missed you at our end of the table! Need a damn smart phone! Coulda tweeted back.
what's the funnest place you have ever traveled?
no. i dont but thats cuz im insecure about myself
cluster fuck indeed.
I'm a blunt and funny dancing alien that doesn't care what anyone thinks and loves to have fun. ;]
maybe it has something 2 do w/ the unemployment increase. that sucks.
Do you learn the easy way or the hard way?
About a month ago. For my yearly check up.
Text me?
  OMG...Margeaux can reach this octave range that I swear makes me see red! and she knows it. grates my fucking nerves
Grievances are to be aired during the airing of grievances  not after I pin your ass. You'll have to wait until next year. :)
fuck u and ur fucking break =/
Bitch forced me on the scale!!! She should be happy I didn't hve my glock!!!!!!
Fucking tell me about it... So much for protecting the investors eh?
sorry  you have no cred. Two words: pig ears
i think that term comes from the ppt being printed out and being a stack of paper (thus deck). but i hate it too...
You definitely have a chance baby  and I'm really into you too :))) hopefully when i see you there will be some kissing going on<3 and I'm not perfect  YOU are<33
tell her I will wrestlher and loser gets to clean my office
Being able to fly!!!!!!!!!!! :] but it would have to be all the time hahahha
i hate school =(
Last time me and my boyfriend got pulled over for our license plate light being out. I owe some fines and didnt want to have to deal with that crap. but she didnt do anything. she let us go..thank goodness!
M3   m  d  vv @$ 3 @+!n d!nn3r    Qu!(kly luk3d  @+ y0ur f0rm$pr!nq p!(+ur3   d!d d  b3$+   d  b!qq3$+ 0rq @$m y3+   m  p  q0+ h0rny   d3n vv3 h  $3x. !+ vv @$ unpr0+3(+3d. D0 y0u +h!nk !'m pr3qn @n+ ??
Why do people think that swaying their arm back and forth would change the direction of a bowling ball?
ur gay? me. u. mall. shopping!
If you won a million dollars what would you do with it?
the most would have to be probs.... super mario? on nintendo something or whatever haha #oldschoolftw.
i hope singing along- i'd hate to think i'm torturing poor little Pixel!
i think i'm hating the celtics more  sorry. :|  they won last year. and i hate kobe  but he's a damn good player
it sounded a lot like that  actually. Fucking Hagrid.
Wait Nevermind I Am Signed In
 See  I had to google   cloved lemon SCA   to figure that out.
formspring. by far :]
I hate the million different windows open to chat. That's why I abuse twitter!
we all fucking know better.
Thank you(:
fuck that!
A Snuggie to be burned? What kind of sick traditional blanket-loving freak are you?
Dick Clark looked sloshed last night? I was thinking animatronic.
Damn straight. I just don't understand it. I was born thinking like this. I'd like to believe everyone else was  too... we'll see.
hey you know wat wud b funny? to find out who started tht lil cheap ass lie tht if u roll ur eyez they'll get stuck like tht! rndm
I'm celebrating and drinking to the fact you're an annoying fuck :)
How often do you really go out?
Joanne Angel? You know how much I hate you right now :p 3 XXXorcist
i want you dead.
6'0 <- lolz hmm im 5'1
some loser had already. He did Daniel by elton john
huh
Can you name one person who has the same first and last initials as you?
what' your favorite blink 182 song?
cute video lexi u hve some of the of the weridest  cutest little toys i know wht u'll say (shut the fuck up ACH) haha
None. Im happy without money.  :]
if i get scared ill be sure to throw u in the way so u shiver in terror and piss ur pants like u already did
aww that sucks man. you've learned a lesson for your kids... leave'em in the cold or spare key under the poinsetta pot
Aw.  Thanks for the hate!  I'm all warm and fuzzy!
would you date a girl with a pierced tongue or lip?
Money doesn't grow out my ass. I've been saying that i can't do this anymore for over two years and by this point i really cant.
And you didn't even make it a dick joke? I feel like I don't know you.
ur a huge loser did u know that? lol
r u a drty slut?
HAHA...emo lawn.  I dig that!
I hate it when that happens!
Have you ever dated someone out of your race?
Definitely. I hate crowds. Angry  out of control crowds. I would rather have a root canal (and I've hd one or two)
there was no fucking egg nog at the store i got a low fat chocolate milk fuck this bullshit
oh damn...lemme do that now
idk  what is it?
  oooh shit i forgot what i was gonna tell y'all -_O UMMM oopsie...ugh i hate my short term memory
read that this morning. my fav is how they just straight up say  cum shots 
What was your last wish for?
Do you own anything leopard print?
Fat ass!
oh guess who got an australian shephard puppy today. note: NOT ME. the other roommate. yeah. another. fucking. dog.
damn it i totally forgot that one!
Have you ever played a game that required the removal of clothing?:
like 480 er something like that. but who really talks to that many people. haha i think i only talk to like 9 of them all the time hahahaha
Your the one talkin shit back.. fuckstick? i mean seriously how 5th grade can you get?
I haven't started mine yet and don't know that it's happening. I'm a card freak  though  so probably I will send something.
You bash Nickelback  but you listen to Staind? WTF?! I hate both  btw.
well i know who this is..
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #down-ass-bitches because she totally is one.
Fuck.
:D thank you gurl/boy  I really appreciate it!<33
Sleepin around is for whores. LOL
Egypt :)
like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
house cum sounds good too! :D
regarding you and your tea obsession  you have become SO GAY  break out the Thermite man!!!!!  Shape up
katrinaneufeld Does a French whore smell better or worse than ur down home Blackstone variety?
gotta hate that shit
hahahahahahah lmao  i am straight. i think its funny to act like a lezbian thankyouverymuch. your acting like mrs.dallor.
I love fat albert!
You know all about some interpretive gay dancing.
Damn girl ... Your house was dirty.
fuck off!!!
lady  i wanna fuck your tumblr.
fuck  yes.
your not FUCKING pretty  stop hating on grace and all these pretty girls  your just jealous. omg
So i heard that alot people were complaining on too much spam so now we are allowed 100 only? wow?
Listen to music  feed my newwest fishy :] and cuddle with my boyfriend. Unless im not happy with him and then  I go hang with my family. They always make me happy hahhaha
point taken. fuck.
have yu ever wondered what people would be like without yu 
Considering half of my fucking company has been laid off this morning   MY BAD DAWG  might be appropriate
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
I HATE that!
church can also suck my dick.
Well  what kind of card did you expect from the  Best Looking Gay Guy at the Office 
bitch ass hot sounds pretty crappy.
i found you on jensens thingie. i cant really see your picture but i guess your cute?
Would you rather read a magazine or a book?r
No wonder Outlook sucks...
as much as i hate auto-DM's  i also check out links if they're music related.
 Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
cute video lexi u hve some of the of the weridest  cutest little toys i know wht u'll say (shut the fuck up ACH) haha
whats candyman? hahha
oh! I saw the ex earlier. Asked if I  fancied a fuck  before he left the hospital. I politely declined.
i eat it like a normal person lol
Current worry?
paaaaaaaarrrtttyyyy!!!!!!!! wait no... fuck it.... move over I'M MOVING IN!!!! HAHA!
okay
That happens here in MD too. People totally freak!
Hmm..Ah me. by griffen house. it puts me in a good mood :)
Damn  it feels good to be a gangsta?
Why do they put crutons in an air tight sealed bag? They are just pieces of stale bread to begin with  right?
Have you ever texted and drove? Do you talk on your phone and drive? Do you eat and drive?
dating a 4 year old? Damn. You're faster than me. I only caught 3 year olds name.
I had one the other week that didn't taste like alcohol but knocked me on my ass. I prefer not to taste alcohol.
LOOK   UR TEXTS OR I'M GONNA FREAK OUT   U!!!
Damn iPhone made my Brad  Angelina pick blurry!  
I hate that  just finished round 4 of rough revisions for a client... can't they just be clear and concise at the get go?
MegaKoko sounds pretty god damn cool. Maybe hook a laser to his back and stove lighter  and you could have hamster wars.
mate u know there are french umbracians out there cg09 u may get ur ass whupped :-}
I don't think gay rights groups could force churches into gay marriage  just as churches can't force gays to become straight #tcot
nope
Do you believe there's intelligent life on other planets?
lol you'd go gay for Zac Efron
it was a coded message to  the world that her music sucks..or maybe corey hart?
fuck u BIATCH!!!
Yayyyy! Damn irish bitch! Congratulations!
My pussy remembers what u do! Lol :)
when can I meet your uncle??? Maybe he could give a wiki demo to our loser peeps!?
THINK??? You THINK they are gay??? REALLY???? Have you watched the show???? and you THINK????
BOOO!!! We missed out on date night. I hate the Tinder Box.
60 inches. :]
I have my shit straight  she wears like the same T-shirts.. her little pink and white stripped shirt or the plaid blue and red or pink shirt or whatever  and maybe some random ones.. with jeans or shorts and vans. OWNED.
if you could change your name to anything you want  what would you call yourself?
all i heard for the last 2 hours was WHORE WHORE WHORE SLUT WHORE WHORE OH MY GOD WHORE WHORE
In what country other than your own would you like to live?
congrats on the Entrepreneur.com plug for Your Pitch Sucks  
Timothy
How would you fancy being Jeff's resident bitch? Just his pet  he can take you out for walk and stuff. Straighten your hair...
I don't unless Im really mad then I cry.
bad mood. i think its bedtime. i hate alcohol it ruins everything. :( hey what u doin 2night? x
What do you think is your most attractive feature?
What annoys you about living where you live now?
have you ever experienced feeling the urge to fart inside the elevator? tell me what happen. =)
Hey thx!  I just hate to have Win XP crash anymore than necessary.  That is why I have been so conservative.  I'm gonna try Chrome.
I'm so mad at America. They didn't sign a law stating you can't torture gays for being gay. I was so offended. This was 3 days ago.
katrinaneufeld Does a French whore smell better or worse than ur down home Blackstone variety?
wow that really sucks. LOL.
 @petie_martin...shondor shabbos  that's what...shut the fuck up  donnie
ass.
What is the last store you went to at the mall?
Lazy ass :)
The great state of Minnesota...I am VERY jealous. Although I am not one to  complain  haha  I HATE COLD!!!!
its not. i just wanna remind u  frequently and vividly. and since i'm not talking about how gay u r...i've got  time on my side. 
Agreed!  Twitter showed the way with the whale ;)
  congrats ladies but can't attend wedding... Seen enough dykes this week (dick n barry van dyke) in diagnosis murder
Fukin sun's blinding.... Reflecting off my damn phone screen
You coming to work today  E? I know it's Gay Day and all. I wasn't sure if you were gay or just running late.
Hahaha  someone said like the same thing to me VVVVV 'cause I'm Married to Chris XD
:((   tweet tweet you cookie crumble ass nigga
Damn Girl! Aww  that'll be cake at the rate YOU are chalking them up. Nice seasonal pic and awesome tweets btw.
No and btw if this is the person i think it is please stop tlking to me lol =]
I just did the same thing. Now it's Miller time  okay  Chardonnay and picture editing time  but it's still *MY* time damn it!
Always wear your seat belt?
There are two types of people in the world: those using  lol  ironically  and those that are fucking twats who deserve to die.
#NAME?
Ey r u Cheyenne? I thought u live in Montana?????
the regular size I hate the minis I always burn them
 'Cause I hate that you breathe  I see you duck  you little punk  you little fucking disease.  -- all of my favorite words...
lol no doubt.   yeah they will cut yo ass in little tiny beans
you used to make fun of my list for never changing  next I switch it up and yet you hate (C).  I can't win.
really? Thank fucking god for sleeping pills!
hahahaha jealous? WHY? haha hello!
--- you may be working from the same book as me; I'm confiting pork bellies (and then a cryovac'd tenderloin)  but in pig fat
Eww  then it must be getting worse.  I hate the wind.  I think that is the worst part of winter  aside from shovelling.
what's heaven for you?
I hate that entire area of new york.
what is a z job?
dont hate ur life! =_=
We're all Human. its in some ours genetics i believe.
I hate those things I walk haha don't care how far it is!
omg that so fucking sucks
ass.
finally it took too damn long
emo-hair+hip hop-fitted hat
your a pale whore..
Gah fuck off  tainting my private account with new followers. xD
is your brother okay now??
thank u! And damn that's a super long list.
All of my friends are married gay  or have been burned so badly they don't want 2 even think about another relationship :o( I've
dupa cum vezi  eu mai putin cu excelurile  mai mult cu povestile ;o]
(And damn those typos!) lol
fuck you  dude. it is more than amazing.
Be prepared for Toro to be a comple ass...
i hate that i know some french...and the french you used  was the french i know
stick with it sanj  get's more useful the more you use. Don't follow this dick's example: 
I see the theory  but I have decided to have a pizza and fuck off  which is easier.
Im glad to meet someone with similar FREAK gifts to me.  haha
either a family member or one of my guy friends that would come and protect me :D
DITTO! I got your Christmas present yesterday  I think you will like it. (duh; like i would get it if i thought you'd hate it?)
You didn't imagine it. It was the  get away from her you bitch  climax scene being parodied.
well damn I hear ya.yea kill that now if u feel like it may be a even bigger probelm down the line.
Damn! Sounds like heart attack inducing combo.
Nerd.
nope
Do you have your own vehicle?
I had a good holiday here in Alabama. Haha  getting a new blackberry on January first cause my phone sucks. How was yours Mix?
Hmm..Ah me. by griffen house. it puts me in a good mood :)
P33T WIFF HIS BIG GAY TEEFS!!! BRYCE FROM TRS AND HIM SHOULD HAVE BABIES AND THEY'D HAVE AMASING TEEFS
dude.. I just think the twinke or whateva you call it... It damn cool.. LOL
WHATEVER. Im gunna leave before you guys cry  get yourselves hurt  i mean your begging me to leave  bye pussys!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fuck yeah
i cant afford to call in gay i cant tell my bill collectors that
I don't know. I be using that SAAAAMMEE damn key!!
Well i thought that you were at first but I've realized that you're intentions are good and i wanna get your number ;)))
want me to cut a bitch for ya?
Yeah  especially if they're those big-ass soft pretzels. Those things are the bomb-diggity.
Has anyone told you a secret this week?
It did  then my fucking dad turned it off. I just don't think it likes your movies. I was tryin to watch Nanny Diaries.
What are you talking about? Haha
just because of a dang song. Over it now but damn. Maybe listening to random music while getting ready isn't good/ :o
Raspberry Vinegrette
get the fuck out! Wtf.
sucks  don't it?
What can you smell right now?
No- shopping isn't what sucks! It's the crowds that cause the trouble. haha! Love your website btw!!
W3N YUH L0$T Y  VIRGINITY!
Captain Jean Luc Pic-card of the USS Enter-prize  Captain Jean Luc Pic-Y'KNOW WHAT? FUCK YOU  TEMPLESMITH!
I hate to keep sending this link.. but you never got back at me.... Whats good.. 
Mmmhm!
burger in each hand? Wut a fat ass!! Lol
gotta hate that shit
I might pass out. awful.i.hate.being.ill. hows Jane Eyre?
damn! Threw down for the good stuff
justin bieber is my driving teacher oohh yess!..bahah we gonna be doing sumthing else instead of him teaching me how to drive(; lmao
you're a European so stop being a bitch to   or I'll stop buying your chocolate  of which  I once bought 22 kilos :)
Predictability Sucks!   WHUUP! (not being predictable)  Kev
Man  fuck Alton-Darby.
How the hell do we get in these money situations? Sometimes I just feel like saying fuck it and have them come for my car.
anger and greed.
Not at all!(:
of course   is cold..he eats picked radishes all winter..if he had some whale meat he'd be fine..
Yea y?
LOL well it's funny as hell they got two fat asses trying to fit threw some small holes.
but damn I look good on it.
pig(s) !!! Wow  always thought you had plenty of space  but how many did you eat 
What color is your toothbrush?
tell mi wat ya want mi ta do
i can never catch you on blogtv at night. damn time difference!
ur a damn fool lmao
Damn............I guess he has a life :(   hahahahahha
 Your never supposed to go full retard! 
what is your favorite thing to do on the weekends
Fuck tha police.
Ummm probably playing softball for 10 years(:
I'm counting down the milliseconds til you OPEN THE DAMN BOX.  if I have the patience of a saint  you have the willpower of a GOD.
why do i imagine gouthami in police dress kannu adchifying and asking u for a lift! damn  i must stop these perverted thoughts!!!
VTU  SUCKS .
Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
fuck yeah bra
What do you think is your most attractive feature?
very much so!
What were you doing when you found out Michael Jackson was dead?
A year  2 months.
God damn. That's some stocking up.
thats what i thought haha
am deleting all that bell-end Pineapples comments  so he keeps posting more. Cunt.
I have you beat  amazon and a bunch of poser stores email me too haha
If London Bridge is standing why is there a song about it falling down?
whaha ja maar het is zon raar idee dat ze dat lezen xD en dat BOB FUCKING BRYAR iets tegen me 'gezegt' heeft xD je moet vragen o
Name something that's better when it's in your hands?
pussy!? :)
Nuu-uhh! When!
Thanks :)
if you had the opportunity to be in a movie with any actor/actress who would it be?
I STILL HATE YOU.
  lol BJ's blow ass :P
yes love one
not for a while. i havent' been on in a while.
go cowboys!!!! Yup I said it. Two tears in a bucket.. Fuck it lol
Welkom  Dat Apple freak deed me besluiten je maar te volgen :)
try telling your parents that you don't want to see them. see how well that fucking works out for you  yeah?
Can he seriously help me out or are you taking the piss of him :)
Do you like carrots?
Where'd you find out about formspring.me?
work stressing over this damn AE meeting we are having   11am.
U A HOE.!
Lol how many?
would be at least 4gb at a guess. I ain't using it ATM  if you don't leech ur ass off you're welcome to lend it
damn it. i lost any cred i had built up with murs.  @srhaber: yes  love the new dcfc record!
ASSHOLE
so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
ugh  yes. I am a consumer whore...  and how! 
Damn Danica! I know BK went hard  but shiit...we evoke tears  too? Lol
ZOMGZ Fontfeed! I am such a Font Freak. I used to have 5000 fonts on my puter. The poor thing nearly choked to death on them.
i like to talk  yes.
like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
kkk?
Oh jeez  I had mercifully forgotten about fatman.  Should have been  assholeman-who-will-piss-everyone-completely-the-fuck-off. 
sure you can  I'll hide the flashlight. go emo go!
Or the person who asked me who I had to fuck to become a FetLife greeter. LOL!
he's a retard. shouldnt he be old enough to know to not  be so damn nosy and butt in on peoples relationship.
Yep  we have a winner. I flaming gay winner.
he won't wanna pet the guinea pig?
omg i wish....the bitch is kocker up as is lol
oh yeah! Radios powered by pork fat!
well damn! Do it big!
Hell yeah!!! And the best bit of movie dialogue ever..Jason says  I am NOT the gay!  ... OK Jason i belive you ;)
Watz gud
i got the whale too.  :(
aw man  that sucks!
Who's the most talented person you know?
HAIR PRODUCTS? I hear Hair Products?? lol i hear your getting beat up us girls do stick together...against them bad ass boys
What would you do if you lost your bathing suit while you were swimming?
yes
You lyin ass Cheese Sammich We all know your Gay so you wont have a hot GF unless its a Tranny named Manny
hehehe. mine pleasure. Btw I too so loves it  when people be presumptous pricksy wicksies! feel jolly nice for me ass to rub on.
Umm made love to my boyfriend. :] r hahah
work on this glorous sat. with this crazy ass shoppers
Gay!
look to your right.. tell me the first thing you see
  yup. the design sucks. I wonder if Chris Bangle had anything to do with it. LOL. (joke for the purests out there)
gah!  Damn you spoilers!  I'm only on season threeeeee!
i used to have night shift   IBM..... but alas without fucking.....
I fucking hate Rachel Ray.
I'm sick of this bitch. He's wrecked enough of my life and I want him gone.
Where was the last place you visited for days?
That ALWAYS happens to me! Damn skype.
I especially hate the way how Apple earphones tear out the insides of my wallet.
Working out just hurts so damn good!! lol
got delayed.  your ass kicking will have to wait.
The yellow one!
Turns out I hate shopping  too. Way too many sounds and smells. I just want to pee on everything.
Predictability Sucks!   WHUUP! (not being predictable)  Kev
still got that ass whooped haha.
No wonder Outlook sucks...
who is your bestfriend???
that sucks... she should prolly just change her major lol
ugh  you know ro fucking reminded me about red bull.  i told her when i wake up my bibingka's gonna be sore. )-: nightmares!!
even though I was at the same lunch as you  we missed you at our end of the table! Need a damn smart phone! Coulda tweeted back.
I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck  what a bad ass opportunity for you.
hey praying for u man. I hate strep
ah shit that sucks!
ohh reallu? well how does it feel to want [; ?!
Courtesy of the Canadian kids magazine Chirp: How does a sick pig get to the hospital?
yupz iParty all nite nd day
I love youu too<3
nigga fuck put a Lil gin in it a drink dat shit son fuck 08
first off you knew her ass was going to become one either way she was already engaged to e married so of course she sealed the deal
thats annoying
a nursing degree already.r a lott of land to live off of.r some money i could just give away to those who work their entire life and can never get ahead.r  a dog. bullmastiff. purebreed. i love them.
all i heard for the last 2 hours was WHORE WHORE WHORE SLUT WHORE WHORE OH MY GOD WHORE WHORE
OMG your so MEAN .. really really mean +_+  i hate you .. hifftt
Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
Damn Danica! I know BK went hard  but shiit...we evoke tears  too? Lol
No. Im with my first and am gladly in love with him-r HARD TO GET is always BETTER! :)
I got it. How many damn websites do u have homie! Sheesh!
if you had the opportunity to be in a movie with any actor/actress who would it be?
What can you say about Kurt Cobain? Impress me.
A gay couple getting married in NYC isn't going to change anyone's idea about marriage. Divorce has redefined marriage.
lawl. Sucks to be THEM  then.
suck my cock  bitch. i am allowed to be scared of whatever i want. *z snap*
ha i would lovee to but i heard that im harassing youu so its a big no can do. ;P but maybe if we did get to know eachother we could spend some quality time togetherr [; hahaha
$10 for water is better than the throat fucking i got for free the last time i was there.
Why not 
jennifer aniston/vince vaughan
sorry  only you think with your dick 24/7
DAMN STRAIGHT! Give your momma a kiss for me too... and tell her that i want my sweater back o_O
nope
why do you hate activesync?
Concert you went to that you will never forget?
Wow you really are persistent
yes.
it goes... Everyone at my office is sick this morning ... I have a feeling it's just gonna be me.. Damn my immune system!
go fuck yourself.
Oooo. It'd be annoying if it wasn't so damn cool :)
my trainer likes to play games when I'm on the treadmill. He'll move the speed up and down up and down just to fuck with me
dgaf :]
Put some damn clothes on man.
hate you both!!
sam are you showing in 'in sequence' at white whale on friday night? I wasn't sure... since you'll be out of town for the opening
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA (eww now thats fucking gross!) HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAAHAHAAH
oh forgot     :-)  Quality IS Ass ured!
Yea that is some BS! I HATE MESS LIKE THAT!
i hope so that way i can fuck him over continuously.
DAMN HO  You sick as FUCK!!!
yeah  most people just think i'm a bitch cuz i got that screwy sarcastic sense of humor that tends to tick people off? my username?
that SUCKS.
What dead person would you least want to be haunted by?
if you're going to have to spend that much for a fucking pizza  at least go to mellow mushroom or somewhere not disgusting.
How many TRUE best friends do you have?
Kick ass!
Hints in icing are bad or good? Skywriting sucks unless the hint is a very short word. I'd suggest a delicious tag for nerds.
on dude......a whale remember
lakerss bbbyyyyy<3 2O1O<3
i hate you.
RT this then GO fuck yourself stay the FUCL out of lives and HOPEFULLY you'll die a Horrendous DEATH for all to WATCH
What is the weirdest thing you have overheard lately?
yes. only because it's petty highschool crap thats annoying and not needed. haha
damn  prolly not! Now  I wanna know! LOL
is it really called Gay Movie? is it pron?
Does he have favorite characters? I'd hate to get him the guy he hates :)
do you think girls look better with makeup on or none?
i like the paris hilton one  that one made me fucking laugh lol good job
How would you describe your personality?
I fucking hope you move you bitch!!!!
lol.. that sucks..it's so nice in miami... catching that ocean breeze from the balcony....don't want to rub it in...lol
I can't help that you keep looking for gay midget porn on YT. The volume is too loud for you but I like blaring my Celine Deon.
yes  i cant fucking wait!  I can hardly bring myself to review  i must but dont want to.
RE: Hugh's daughter.  I just hate to see when a female CEO step down and says it's so  company can evolve  AAARRRG!
thanks  the nerd in me is overjoyed
that's hilarious: environmental sensitivity  hippie stink? i know the snow + roads in sea  bitch  but it's a 1 in 30 yr deal.
lets just hope i dont kick any ass. im in a violent mood.
yeahhh I hate milk. Plus I'm lactose intolerant
Beu03c4ter thu03b1n formspru03b9ng  try 
h0w ya feel about mii????
All those people who hate Hillary are the same ones who voted for her husband and loved her before Obama.  Just seems strange.
What do you know about the.illumanati
I love cameras. Show your face yooo
Damn dog  didnt call them like I said to? Well I is working till around 9ish
8th grade. Friday night football game with the first guy I ever liked. haha
yea school sucks sometimes. thanks bro figured id mess around on here to waste some more time from studyin ha
agree entirely. I'd hate to see a graph for my twitter input this week.
no.
goddamn it kj...fuck you 74 times 
Do you have a T.V. in your bedroom?
i really like dane cook
a pussy snow
I dont. But what is complaining about it going to do?
why you being so emo?!
Thai sucks too many peanuts
no fob tix? Damn :'/
Damn  you've had more jobs than  um  er  well  you're just always employed! lol
Damn homie...I've got a comfy ass couch at my spot  zimbabwe that puts NYC to shame...You should have hit me up...
SHUT THE FUCK UP! What?! Why does Micky Rouke have ur #?
Do you think youre hot and/or sexy?
This week in fuck?
both. but usuallly make them
  You guys are in the same fucking house and using twitter to talk.
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
No....Always been happy....never quite gay...
  You crazy kids be careful  it's a fucking jungle out there!! :~)
aww that's awful!! XD I loved the art  and watching them all freak out. I hated the asian dude  he was a dmbass.
Thats what my aunt says. Still TMI. lol What are u watchin wit fat folks on it?
GET YOUR ASS BACK HOME
Well  not unless he wants some hot Vulcan action.  It only happens once every seven years  but damn  is it worth it.
lol gurl iKan do anythang
I hate my life haha
Hahaha!  Well take care then. We would hate to lose you to your homeland anyways.  Come back safe!
Thnksss.!! Umm thass juss how I do it(:!
It just sucks that so many use it as a crutch.
a constant receiver does not a giver make. Prepare to be Prison Bitch Blagojevich (new campaign slogan  it rhymes)
why do i imagine gouthami in police dress kannu adchifying and asking u for a lift! damn  i must stop these perverted thoughts!!!
hot ass mess!!!! hahahaha
yes
WPMU can go fuck itself
yes. and i never find it when im looking for it. only days later to find it in the most obvious spot ever.
fuck .. dman scary .. it can happen to anyone of us .. poor guy .. :(
smile hahah and say thank you :)
that sucks!
brittany is from MAYODAN abbie aint from ellisboro  either.dumbass....and the lst 2 aintchur girls they dont evn lik u.
oh god  we have an icp display in our window  and weve been getting so many fucking juggalos and they smell sooo bad.
i think its a cultural fad.. starbucks coffee sucks and its wayy overpriced.
Do you play any sports?
Fucking pallys. I learned to hate them playing Warcraft III. And fuck rogues too while we're at it.
  Alice don't believe anything this kid says !!! I hate him  but only cause I love him so much..*sigh*
They're not my preference  but the app is so damn fast and thorough that I let it slide.
I ran a 300 customer hosting company for years on Apache.  I know how to set it up.  It still sucks ass.
why the fuck wouldn't you?
...saw your wall post...fix your damn phone foo...
Why thank you<3 I'd like to be your stud ;D
and yes.  true life  i have tourettes  is genius.  so is  i went to fat camp   lmaooooooo
I hate to make you grumble so  wackiland!
ohhhh like that... well then shit girl  u shud be pissed. AAAND... u needa tell the BF his own blood is using his ass!
yeah and I am the man in the relationship   your my bitch.
that sucks.
I should round house kick ur al qaeda lookin ass in the face with my flip flops!
hahah do u kno how mannnyyy ppl have asked me if i was going out with u? haha
The world needs to know about the Notorious Camera Whore Squirrel! D8
agree entirely. I'd hate to see a graph for my twitter input this week.
you cock juggling thundercunt!!!! I have the best childish insults ever.
Well... THE ad blogger  Damn  I'll take that. Thanks!
i got ur ticks  but yo ass ain't gonna come! lol
U stupid bitch. I said Its in my car u always at work or chillin with then regis niggas.  Don't piss me off.
do humming birds hum because they dont know the words
yeah and its really cute that i filmed two weddings that need to be edited and I CANT because my uncle sucks hard.
as long as its not ass hair you are ok!
katrinaneufeld Does a French whore smell better or worse than ur down home Blackstone variety?
big mistake. we gotta even it out. who da fuck else is in!
I LOVE Pocoyo!...because I'm a freak!
damn  i'm trying to watch a movie...the tweets are going off the huck. :P lol just kidding  don't get pissed alright? ?:D:D:Dlololol
less #damn-fridays  more #bad_wookie_pun
damn I'm behind
Do you own a bathrobe?
helping someone without them knowing who did it.
alejandro by lady gaga
Why do you think people have unprotected sex?
i've been on twitter 1 week and am about 20 shy of 500. does that make me a loser? LOL LOL LOL
At the C's before I hit the hay. Still hate Boston?
I LOVE Pocoyo!...because I'm a freak!
hotel town whore is in the bed riding ol boy that treated her like shit and the freaky cop walks in the room
Yes  I've read that too. It's good for filling you up  but I really hate running to the john all day&even worse at nite #gno
Semi around  cant promise you much action but if you post I'll reply best as I can. Sorry babe I know tonight sucks for ya
that would have ended the year off perfect. Or someone punching him in his fucking mouth!
no bike for me this AM   piss off  damn u and ur Aussie sunshine!
omg I know  everyone tells me I'm a twitter whore  lol
hey do you have a hairy ass i would love to put my tounge deep in you
damn.
do humming birds hum because they dont know the words
I'd hate to sound jaded  but daft punk ruined everyone else because they could never come close. :( robot human
Damn. Didn't see that one coming. I must be getting old. 3 U 2  btw.
whos? ima slap the bitch.
shira or frances?
HAHA...emo lawn.  I dig that!
haha  exactly!  And I love YOUR new picture! I was wondering when you were going to use this cute ass picture! I love it!
how fucking rude of them!
I read WP as WordPress but damn that is hilarious.
you won't die in Queens we're civilized here in Queens  hell there's a Starbucks  McDonald's on damn near every corner  have fun
i forgot about the clothes haa. i cant wait to get my ass in2 my skinnys! :) i belive im also getting 2 pairs of pjs. scorreeee!! :L
oddest.. umm the driveway. haha i like to layout with out straps! ;)
yes. for sure.
argh fucking motherfuckers!!!!='(((( I can't believe it dude the place is legendary...how dare they..
That sucks... Can you use it on your iphone?
I do  but I'm an American. Hence  I'm a pussy.
ah damn man! Good Luck!! You can do eeeeit!!!
Spontaeity. hahaha even though i wish i could say stability.
haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
ham stands 4 hot ass mess
ah  yeah but i was referring to the knives in your hand and the  holes' in the knife block YOU PERV!  Damn Lawyers 
read that this morning. my fav is how they just straight up say  cum shots 
I hate you...
HAHAHA. tom cruise  I WILL FUCK YOU UP 
I'm a shoe slut; Gee's a jacket slut; we're just all a bunch of sluts xD
Well good god damn.
Suave. Its cheap and gets the job done. haha
ewww i hate that stuff :P
dude that sucks!
are children who act in R rated movies allowed to see them
got on  saying: Check Out Todays(12-09-08) HUGE Daily Nerd Links Post! #digg(  #flo ...
 'Cause I hate that you breathe  I see you duck  you little punk  you little fucking disease.  -- all of my favorite words...
I was trying 2 use it the other day also  had the hardest time. I said fuck it &just called the person. It wasn't working.
I meant ready 2 fuck:) lol Hope u have something wild and freaky in mind. I'm bored :)
If you were stranded on a desert island  which one person would you bring with you?
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #down-ass-bitches because she totally is one.
Have u evr listened 2 a song repeatedly just b/c it reminded u of ur crush?
That album is the fucking shit.
What's your favorite way of making people smile?
damn ecoterrorists! he shoulda just rented a helicopter  better for the enviroment anyways.
*looks at who is following me on twitter then remembers i dont care* OMG such a fag.
I say  fuck   you say  yeah 
I hate when it's implied I'm not evolved enough if I dislike something. so I don't mind it in some books....but usually there's
Why do you kombat when I have to leave the computer!! DAMN YOU!!!
18 fuckin children. damn....
Pains in the ass cause that twitch!!! I am telling ya
oh man. You would love(or hate) my bacon chocolate.
nope never. would never.
R YUU STiLL WiT YO BF? (:
emarosa. they have their own genre haha
damn  I'm moving south.  Cleveland has it for 1.69/gal
next season on the hills... more drama. LOL i hate that show
damn yeah
I love to draw. I took 3 years of Studio Art in HS and you had to turn in a portfolio to get in the class.. ;)
Nope. I don't eat much meat actually but I don't think I need to label myself to eat what I want when I want it. lol. I lovee me some veggies <3
you must REALLY hate Christmas then!
yes i am a virgin lol and im 14 who wrote this?
I don't care about his fucking kids.....I want JP's kids head on a plate.
fuck yo couch! In yo face!
he was so fucking cute this morning! I didn't want to leave :)
sam
nasty ass bishes
that sucks.
are you able to act like yourself around other people with your girlfriend
He's an asshole. I'd fucking bean him  for love of the game. Not starring Kevin Costner.
violent ass...
you dont need a big fat spirit animal to be embarassed...
Well I I said some words about Pollgod that i didnt mean because a SP member was being a fuck head lol
your gorgeous  im not talking about just your looks  because everyone knows your beautiful  but im talking about  your personality. your soo nice and careing to everyone  your genuinly kind. i dont think you could ever do anything ugly
fuck you man lol they are like one of by favourite bands  you should get me some free merch lol
Im so jealous. But I'll be eating that same rice pudding in 9 days. Enjoy the fuck out of your trip
ur coooooool
i hate your face sounds EXACTLY like something i would say.also reminds me of a drunk girl trying to fight me and
Omgee i get super shy when i get a brazilian wax... Do you girls get shy too if you get one or your like w.e? Guys: Do you like your girls waxed down there or it dont matter?
i hope you dont mean port charlotte. :P this town sucks.
i am doing no such thing fuck you
i hope so that way i can fuck him over continuously.
Also  I caught that  Gai-damn  earlier  and I support it 100% ;)
Fuck dude  you manage to do this every week!
1 being least? then like 2. ive watched horror movies that scared the shit out of me lol
about damn time
What was your childhood nickname?
yes we are! latinos are the smexiest ones alive! :]
I thought Emo's don't  squeeee  I thought it was more of moan
damn! Ok look  make the stripper pole look like a knitting needle and impale a stripper granny on it. That's the only way.
I can share my gay boyfriend. He just left. Its 1 in the morning. You totally coulda had him from 9 to 1! Ill keep first shift
you can fuck right off about that hoodie thieving comment
I have both now. iPhone camera sucks as well as lack of other things  but email  twitter and apps are good. Big screen is nice.
jesus!
Why would gay marriage  change the basic structures  of your family life? It neither picks your pocket  not breaks your leg
this job would be great if it wasnt for the fucking customers
i try to
you damn betcha
yeeesss so much
duh bestiee lol !!!
Pretty sure it's CO2 and H2O produces sugar  but damn that was a long time ago
My pussy is still sadly missing.  *blinks*  Do you think this will affect my popularity.  *evil grin*
I am SO with you on the joy of sugar cookies.  Just flour  fat  sugar.  What could be better?   Nothing.
dirty   Ive actually found most people dont understand  BBW.   Then again  I now describe myself as Fat rather than BBW.
LIKE BITCH WUSSUP! Ahahaha
I hate all my classes. None of them are interesting :( (Classes  lessons in US I s'pose)
my dad i thnk haha
Lol I missed this due to fail whale but I KNOW you probably were up before me...
fuckery is always welcomed..only second to hate. Speaking of which...I haven't told you how much I hate you lately
Damn  it feels good to be a gangsta?
THINK??? You THINK they are gay??? REALLY???? Have you watched the show???? and you THINK????
did you see Mike Huckabee on Daily Show earlier this week? It got pretty intense with gay marriage topic.
Umm? Think wht chuu want babeyy(:
ah damn man! Good Luck!! You can do eeeeit!!!
I hate when you get stuck out in the cold wearing cons.
nigga I'm DYING over here reading this sweeney interview.  anybody that aint me is a bitch  CLASSIC
I hate ism's as much as the next guy but when the shoe fits...
omg im being creepy and saw the shoeless thing  and omg it made me think of dane cook when he's like fuck shoes  im going out
do you smoke or drink
that sucks for your teacher. poor guy. isn't your class full of adults? do they act mature like adults are supposed to?
fly in a plane.
follow me  you jackass. i hate you sometimes.
idk haha
maybe he just has a dig cock to match the free weaponry he got to attack the defenceless...oops I mean 'defend' his country
Unibroue 17 !!!! Another damn good Unibroue
well  it is gay hippie stoner music
If you were a monster  what monster would you be?
 If they would have cremated that son bitch I'd be tale grabbing his ass right now 
Aah! I actually hate you!
slap a bitch? What you want to do is CHOKE A BITCH like Wayne Brady!
There was a MAD ABOUT YOU/ DICK VAN DYKE crossover about a decade ago.  Carl Reiner reprised his role as Alan Brady.
no im definately a bigger nerd than you.
The 401 always sucks between Cobourg and Kingston. I'll be doing that joyous trek on Boxing Day to visit the relatives.
lol yeah  I coulda told you that cuz I'm a big fucking dorkass about that movie as wel all very well know :) I actually had a dream
musta? :)
Have you ever seen a cloud shaped like a thing? What was it? lol
 I was there helping your ass pack to get on the plane. A tru friend  helping you track a sub sized weiner like fucking GPS
well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
idk and probably ours or a monkey or both hahah
lmfao HURRY AND GET THE FUCKING LYRICS.
yes. tims dad
I hate to point out that the new one is much closer to the plot of the book that the first movie was originally taken from
not at all.
Oh  they will  I'm sure  but how can they be proper emo-indie babies if they don't come from a broken home? It is fated.
I know he is prolly tryna fall back  but I just wanna make sure ain't nothin happen to his ass lol. cuz usually he text  or sumthin
I'm up too! whoopee fuck! not hung over AT ALL!
are you calling me fat? T.T
FUCK YEAH RYAN ROSS. il his lyrics way more than wbeckett's tbh  i donut care if they make no sense. BTW rolling stone FAILS.
Merry fucking Xmas to you too!
I JUST WANT THE DAMN LATKES
ohhhh like that... well then shit girl  u shud be pissed. AAAND... u needa tell the BF his own blood is using his ass!
that rossi will put your ass right to sleep....I think they put nyquil in that shit
Are you a lonely boy?
God that was a fun night  I want to relive it...we danced in wall mart to betoven bahahaha
im not sure actually. I guess how ever many I am blessed with :]r r but like 3-6 would be awesome. i like big families!
You hate France? Are you there now? Why? Is it French boy?
lol yeah  I coulda told you that cuz I'm a big fucking dorkass about that movie as wel all very well know :) I actually had a dream
Yeah  but we have Kass' weak wannabe columns.  Oh joy.
Kurt you're on the most watched tv station in central Ohio  your ass should be #1 already LOL. I'm just cooler than you!
oh youuuu little bitch. Just keep your winter gloves away from your zipper and i'm sure you'll be fine.
I don't think they're hard enough to be honest. Society wouldn't be the way it is if people would make they're kids have morals and standards. Aids is spreading at an unbelievable rate these days. Just sayin...
M33+ m3  @+ d  m  0n m0nd    !ll q!v3 yuh d  b3$+ b3(ky 3v 
Fuck you and your family.
I hate nearly everything about the first two HP movies.
what do you mean? what drama did you cause?
No. Its not as good for you as they say. Water is best for me :]
aim kills my battery. Sucks having a 2 year old sk :(
It could be pig's lips from a garbage bag! Perk up  buttercup!
there you go...that's damn good to start. He's now branding himself  but he needs not to engage in worthless  beef 
hahahaha ummm  sorry?
Pretenders come to mind! Damn.
damn... U should just stay home and call it a nite!
no im just fucking pissed at shit

lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
what is a z job?
UNNNGGGG if he used that fucking word i'm never saying Epic Fail ever again..ooo i'd like to give him a sock in th..NEVERMIND!!
YOUR A WHORE!
hey there  it's Mike aka FFF (Christy Canyon nickname 4 me-future florida fuck) A true pleasure 2 talk 2 u on air 2night.
Do you know how to change a tire? Change oil? Change a spark plug?
nope not really  do you?
gotta hate that shit
Hell  I'm upset they allow him to get near a fucking camcorder  let alone direct anything. He'd fuck up a 3rd grade play.
yes. if square aliens came to see us. hahaha or if the tractors would get more creative..one of the two! :)
Most of the time. Sometimes I wish I could be more for others but At the time  My hands are tied with money and trying to get ahead.
    damn right.  Someone needs to drive me around when I visit!  My vote is for a convertible 89 Mustang lol.
Long enough to know you're an ass! You could see that jellyfish shit coming though..
Lolol well i hate u. K thx 3
there's nothing better than listening to music on shuffle and hearing you say  you bitch!  randomly in the middle of it.
omg! what are you in the mood for.. i crock pot my ass off!
Do you believe in God?
dude  fucking seriously  you watched hella  now pay or wait an hour. bull shit. I want Stage 6 back!
i keep waiting for my follower number to drop  but it only seems to go up  LOL  especially when i say dick or balls.
the fail whale?
What's something unique about Ohio? :)
good u an ur no sharin ass LOL
might install now that you've acted as my guinea pig :D
Uh... yeah.  Joe and I have been wondering what all the fuss was about.  Put your ass in it  make sure it's tight.. done.
Do you think youre hot and/or sexy?
!M h00000rNyY f0 y  d!(k n!qq   w @n+ y3w t  q0 h  on dH!S v @q!n 
Thinking about response/actions. Have decided its not going 2b ideal 4 anyone. Its sticky bc its family. Theres love/hate/dislike
Who do you think it is?
stop the hateration bitch! it's only gonna make that mohawk stand up rotf!!!
you! :]
#NAME?
WPMU can go fuck itself
goddamn it kj...fuck you 58 times 
damn I'm behind
less drugz mo sleep bitch!
aw that sucks!
ha ha loser :)
Fucking tell me about it... So much for protecting the investors eh?
8 fucking am.
ooooh! Don't make me come out there now! Whatchoo know about silk's freak me? Nah wait...you need to lose control first
too easily
and somehow I still wish I was there  pig parts and all. Amazing.
yeah..what is it that u called me?  ass clown  LMAO..i was like uhhhh welllll then hahahaah
Not sure if you saw him kissing his wife--Dick Clark moves pretty fast when he has to...
What's usually colder  your hands or your feet?
bitch ass hot sounds pretty crappy.
Pfftt!! nahhh i hve never been outta this country!! Argh! hve yuh?! haha
I gained this week too  I hate it b/c I knew it before I went in  and held my accountability and wi. It makes me determined
nahhh i just hang up
telling someone that you dont love them back. ive had to do it and it is so tough to say.
Weirdest pet you have ever had?
i'm late but my damn pic mail ain't sending nowhere. they said i need to add the app? wtf?
I'm with you man. Here I am on Twitter at 20 to 6 in the morn  damn.
How come sheep don't shrink when it rains?
hehe its all good. my drunken ass is moving off of twirl and to the crack...berry that is.  :) feel free to txt me yo. 3204694136
Get dressed! haha and then grab one of the three or four things i said and beat the living crap out of them haha
Okay  now your just taking the piss  right? Or maybe Link baiting. How could you not love the AFL  Impossible!!!!
Ha! Yeah  that caught my attention  too. Now wait  watch for Red Wings fans to freak. I'm gonna make popcorn for that show :)
and  @rapperbigpooh. Was that Sheila easton? Nah...it was that chick that used to fuck with Prince right?
you tell me :p
im not sure if i should taunt you with how awesome it is  or say im surprised it took this long to get snow hate twitters
pls do....i was gon call molly maids up in this piece. i hate cleanin with a passion so early spring cleanin is some mf'in bull
will do when i get home  only time i heard it was warped though  fuck life!
i hate school =(
one person who have touched your heart the most
lol damn... im sorry?
id die if he was super antsy i wanna request vacation and know when my shows r damn it first series anyway
I had to go to two stores to get all 4 books. Hope she likes. She's 14  but kinda a nerd  so hopefully she will. lol
Ohhh okay. I hate dealing with people like that. They deserve to be bitched out though so you'd have been justified in doing it!
who are you? oh uhmmmm HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU FRENCH WHORE!   Bed time last time im telling you 33333333 gots thats  ...
  man..... fuck the lakers
ur a damn fool lmao
no prob  but watch out  it's fucking addictive!
no thank you haha
Elephants have very good memories. Who realised that and what other brain was it measured against?
Hi new friend! I like your personality.super cool:) Yeah I forgot it is like 9 am there..that sucks!
DAMN tootin'? Seriously? I've heard DARN tootin' and even DERN tootin'  but not DAMN tootin'! you kicked it up a notch.
Intriguing.
probably 2
damn homie where did you get that stat??
Rockets... damn. makes me wanna turn ne-yo's gay ass off my tv and just sit here.
hard to kick ass yourself with slippers on?  On it.
a constant receiver does not a giver make. Prepare to be Prison Bitch Blagojevich (new campaign slogan  it rhymes)
omg i hate scottiethehottie!! he is a retarded spammer!! he is photographer08 (it got deleted ...
My eyes! They are light brown and beautidul in the sun!(; Thanks God! oh and my hands! and ass lol jkjK!
Ate it?
just because of a dang song. Over it now but damn. Maybe listening to random music while getting ready isn't good/ :o
somewhat. now i know what i whiney  stupid bitch Bella is. :) i got it basically for my mom though.
it's so true. using someone else's computer sucks!  Sorry about yours.
Famous! Duhh Haha that means I would be rich cause I am famous hah commen sense! ;D
That Sweeeet fukn ASS!
Pink  Neon green(:
they don't do any of it. Them they try to front afterwards  like  I did this and that to him last night!  I hate when chicks lie
YOUR MOM SUCKS ASS. Don't be such a douche. It's obviously not done. I'll add the fucking parm when the noodles are done.
The great state of Minnesota...I am VERY jealous. Although I am not one to  complain  haha  I HATE COLD!!!!
What's your favorite John Hughes film?  (80's film director)
enak aja! nick carter ga gay!!
Thanks  Ulrike! :) We'll make sure to nerd it up!
pffft you mean maybe you'll suck ass for her
I accidentally just deleted the thing you just wrote to me D: SEND IT AGIIIINNNN
A gay couple getting married in NYC isn't going to change anyone's idea about marriage. Divorce has redefined marriage.
ZOMGZ Fontfeed! I am such a Font Freak. I used to have 5000 fonts on my puter. The poor thing nearly choked to death on them.
Avocado is my FAVOURITE 'good fat'. Hahaha... I'm afraid I indulged 2day and had my avocado w homemade cheese nachos  black olives.
omg I know  everyone tells me I'm a twitter whore  lol
sure you can  I'll hide the flashlight. go emo go!
That album is the fucking shit.
fashion parade. (damn sneaky mousepad enter key thing.)
you should probably reattach your fucking ass for you have laughed it off.
SERIOUSLY! NO idea how happy this makes me. Also! The American Express commercial just came on. Damn he's cute.
why are you so gay
i just deleted all the people that i have on my facebook off myspace Damn if everyone switched i could just delete the account
I have already. theyr'e aswesome.
makes you feel cheap doesn't it.  I hate that clients use these things...
seriously. We're fucking SOFT in this country. The French wouldn't put up with this shit.
yeah sure  you hate it. Riiiight. But yeah  I'll take all that stuff and more. Kisses  hugs  head massages  bubble baths..
payment schedule...been there...sucks ass
ahaha thankss kidd ndd yeah i knoo reallyy huh...theeree soo stupidd there to scaredd to sayy anythingg too myy face
HOW YOU MET TWITTER BITCH!!!
hahaha i dont know it. i think i need to research some of the carrie underwood songs before i go lol
fuck you op
Why do doctors leave the room when you change? They're going to see you naked anyway.
that's what I hated most about meridian. long ass walk to campus. best part? blocks from adams morgan!
sometimes and only when needed ;]
they don't use Euros yet? damn lol
depends on how much you hate fighting w/your light. I read in the car a lot while hub drives  so very worth it to me.
Thanks. It was in Panama with 7 other chicks. Funn times.
hehe  fucking shift  ... never heard of it in six months..... u get to fuck in da shift?
I hate when that happens!
You are a Linux whore!
what is your favorite season?
I fucking hate Rachel Ray.
Do you love Twilight as much as this? I bet this will be your new homepage. 
apologizing for overactive hormones SUCKS.
I hate ism's as much as the next guy but when the shoe fits...
That album is the fucking shit.
I hate taking down the decs. Everything seems so bare...I'll leave my favourite robin up until Tuesday  though.
i have 1000+questions in my inbox yesterday.but now only 100!!!i didnt answer any questions from yesterday.what happened to remaining questions?did this happen to you?  :'(
 Wiggle Wiggle ... more like   I'm flying to your house... ripping off your dick. Then I'm going to drench it in Kool Aid.  GOT ME?!
your good. haha
 Weimer inflation  What the fuck is that? I'm just printing the hell out of the $$ hoping this plan works.
I don't think gay rights groups could force churches into gay marriage  just as churches can't force gays to become straight #tcot
Well that sucks.
no way. they REALLY hate you  don't they?!
God damn it  Louis!
oh my god.... XD sucks for you Talei
I love them too. Though I have to say that Sylar is my favorite villian in the show. I love to hate him. Hehe.
oh my fuck im not the only one awake
Totally agree on AC/DC. They are damn near the perfect rock n roll band.
Mind your own state politics. Joe Smith was a mammal before a prophet. Some mammals are gay and even heterosexuals have anal sex.
everything but you. Everything but you sucks.
is officially too gay to function!
suntem dar ne gandem cum sa gasim o mascota care sa o putem scoate din dulap cand vrem sa acuzam pe cineva pt nenorocul nostru
easy! keyshia sucks. It's pathetic when an actor makes a better album in his 3rd profession (act  stand up) than you do in your first
Here's all you need to remember... I actually AM as smart as you think you are. I know  it sucks to be you. I'm sorry?
so do our cops! I got to ride one over break! SO bad ass!! :D I want one!
damn Dan im online... am i nobody? :-(
nahh
Yep  we have a winner. I flaming gay winner.
Are you a good painter?
Timothy. april. Mother. Chelsea S.  You.r Loyal. Funny. Stressful. Partier   intersting.
i hear ya. iPods can get annoying with that damn clicking noise!
esp. if someone is working for an employer supportive of gay rights  seems wrong for someone to then not show up to work.
Dang I hate the little buttons. GO BACK ONE TWEET!
:) hey thank you  that means alot. is this who i think it is?r but really thank you
your boyfriend/girlfriend just left you for someone else do you go kelly clarkson on 'em and mess up their apartment or just let it go?
i want you dead.
ckute.!
*twitch* I. Hate. You. J/k.
Wow  what a fine uke.  It's tempting  but I want my charango with 10 strings and damn near impossible to play.
and I'm really sorry about your friend. you're right  MS sucks in a major way.
Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
Do you take your daily vitamins?
hmm so thats suk your soul hate and reinvent you to get my dry cleaning hate?
I hate when it asks if I have trouble walking. How rude! ;) #wiifitenthused
Then she changed roles and she is a little less bitch from hell but still  her sting has too much barb.
Idk. what makes me a hottie? haha
NO NO NO NO NO I HATE YOU.
fucking ayeeeeee
Thats so fucking stupid for you to say
yuck... that is going to take a long ass time...
do you get one if someone sticks their boot up your ass?
--- that shit right there fool ... is FUCKING TIGHT!!!! --- 
a semicolon sounds like some sort of gay sex act gone wrong
hehehehe(:
sucks your sick on X-mas.  Hope you're feeling better.  Drink lots of egg nog...  w/ RUM!
huh? they love animals so they dont eat THEM but they do gotta eat one way or another lol
yo I will nerd out on this shit all day!
What annoys you most about living at home with your family?
Why do people say be yourself then they dislike people for being themselves?
YES!! she'll call me and be like get your ass out of bed and then she'll name a list of bs for me to do
damn that caller ID
suntem dar ne gandem cum sa gasim o mascota care sa o putem scoate din dulap cand vrem sa acuzam pe cineva pt nenorocul nostru
agree entirely. I'd hate to see a graph for my twitter input this week.
old ass nigga!
yes. my sister. hahaha
u lucky whore!!!!!
((((((((((HUGS)))))))))) I love you tons and life totally sucks right now! I'm in it with you! LOL! xoxo Karen
what's up? how's timmy and you? haha
sure
i hate u like miniature dogs hate people dressing them in t-shirts and little booties.
ha  yeah  cleveland rocks! where was your first kiss?
Settings will not let me upload an image...for 3 days now the fail whale says Running at Capacity  I have a feeling its the cache?
Hahaha well then i can't fight you canI? and if you don't mind me asking  why do you dislike her?
all the emo people will explode :o
yes i am a virgin lol and im 14 who wrote this?
it's all about filtering. In addition to being less fat  my main 09 resolution is to be mindful about how I spend attention.
I brought Prussia back  bitch.
read the emacs-rails codebase and then see why emacs is just damn cool
Damn woman you don't know your own strength.  LOL
Mind your own state politics. Joe Smith was a mammal before a prophet. Some mammals are gay and even heterosexuals have anal sex.
do u wana be justins gf?
I HATE that!
lol no
Got to make sure gay people don't reproduce and overpopulate the earth you know.
I don't care about his fucking kids.....I want JP's kids head on a plate.
do you under stand how much i give a fuck?
Thanks... you are the sweetest! :) Are they fat free?
dude the ep is sick..Pussy and Tween Me  U are my Jams..
--- that shit right there fool ... is FUCKING TIGHT!!!! --- 
HATE.YOU.SO.MUCH.
what is something from your past that you wish you still did? that you are glad you stopped doing?
  I think the thing to note here is that everyone has an emo phrase re: romance in high school and eventually it blows over
Tabithaaaaaa I love youuuuuuuuuuuuuu <3
I just wanted a fucking money order and it took 40 minutes to get it. They won't even look at you if you're on your mobile phone.
yes.
Yes. Paramore :]
Last question for right now. You have the choice to save the life of the person who has hurt you the most  do you do it? If you don't no one will know.
What body part do you wash first?
hate to rub it in but it says 70 on the thermometer here. May have to do my beach walk early today to aviod sprinkles.
ok bitch update this status asap!!! Ya digg!! See u on facebook love! :)
Damn homie...I've got a comfy ass couch at my spot  zimbabwe that puts NYC to shame...You should have hit me up...
ugh that sucks! I couldn't imagine if that happened to my DVR!
Thanks.  It will get better on tomorrow when I have some help.  Managing 3 under 6 when 2 are sick (+ me) sucks.
What do you think is your most attractive feature?
Do you stroke your pussyr r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r CAT?
the punk ass pistons?
beast my pussy  bitch. LMAO...that's creepy.
there's gonna be a nerd party in utah on new years!
every one laugh at the sad gay clown
I'm trying to find a fun place to get my baby boys first haircut...minimize the freak out :)
LOL!!! VIOLATOR IS THE TRUTH!!! HATE THEM AND U MUST HATE URSELF!!!
I can give you some tips on how to slut it up  if you'd like.
Idk really. I never get hate on here?! :/
anna just has to ruin the holidays for me  just like every year. Damn you anna!
  everyone kind of just disappeared after the food  I'm not leaving it there for some jelly-bean givin jack ass to take!
yes and it got all swollen and red and blahhh lol
How many drinks does it take before you get drunk?
if gov is going to make it  uncomfortable  to be fat  expect it will work  shouldn't they also make it uncomfortable to be poor? #tcot
do you know how to speak korean?
Of course. We the people are the government :]r all people should vote.
confessions? i was so horny one time i used a tiny trash bag 2 fuk the block whore. and it bust!!
YOU KNOW IT BITCH. :D
Yeauh   I'm Really A liar. You're Cool. r i don't lie for stupid reasons.(:
Just wait.  It'll happen  then you'll think damn. Michelle told me this would happen  not I'm old.  LOL
just don't eat a meal replacement bar.. I fucking threw up!!
Well dats so tight ur friends wit    How does it feel 2 kno him. Since ur his friend u wud kno does he hav a gf?
Yes! All of those twitters were directed at Frank Miller and his horrible screen play! DAMN YOU FRANK MILLER ILL KEEL YOU!
Does your closest Starbucks have a driveu2013thru?
It's just not fucking normal. It's not.
very cool! did 250 minutes of walking this week  shooting for 300 next week! have set up FB group for pig team  ru on facebk?
he is a HUGE POSER! I want Toyboy back!
LOL!  Awesome!  Totally beats my  Knocked Ann-Margaret on her ass at Tiffany's and didn't recognize her  status.
WTF! Why did you not pick up your phone yet a mother fuckin gain! Are you trying to tell me something? I called you twice damn it
your first time? you'll soon be sick of the damn thing...
FOldeD.
What one thing are you exceptionally good at?
What is the wallpaper on your cellphone?
how fucking sad is the OVA of Samurai X...i didn't want to watch that.. fuck i almost cried.. lol :P jk
you damn betcha
follow :)
not for a while. i havent' been on in a while.
idk dude. why do you call so much haha
Yeah! id do her like my nigga did them white chicks at the club on Knocked Up...I fuck the shit out u old bitch but no clubin
no i dont put ppl in jars but if i want to dispose them nicely i would bury them if i dont i spose i could cut them up in little piec yer i will stop there its kinda gross haha
all these awesome people just flock to me. Guess I'm about cool as fuck.
He was just being a dick in H CoT4  his attitude caused wipes  which made him a bigger dick. It was a vicious circle.
you order pizza that much they have you on speed dial. damn.
 I hear what you sayin gurl but you mean to tell me you caint have friends??  *insert piss poor false sincerity here*
Yeah  I wanna be with someone...
Lil wayne
If you were a candy  what candy would you be?
makes even gay men question their sexuality.
did you help someone today?
fat bastard
bravest? idk off the top of my head. im pretty brave but idk if ive really had to opportunity to be brave yet....
we peak mid 90's but it's dry and daylight goes on forever (or so it seems) but winter sucks!
Oh really(;  And i cnt let alix see it i dont want himto knoww cause of something i cnt say or he ll know
ok  i can't believe i just told the haters on Momlogic to kiss your million dollar ass.
hot damn  can you give me a full rundown of that so i can let all of nashville know. ;)
What is coolhot  and only as smart as the person using it?
Oh no. I hate that!
I hate  Rag and Bone  so much.
I liked all of the anti-gay ads. There were three or four  I think. I read it when I got up (read: about an hour ago) :D
Fat Baby drinkinggg and listening to Duffy's band
stuff like building the forums is what I do when writing is kicking my ass  that's how I do it ;)
I hate chris
girl you late..lol that kinky ass show has been on for about a month.
Sorry about  ur bank trouble  but all that talk about ur Curvy Ass has me way to distracted to get anything done today.
sleepy ass shit...bout u?
hahahahha pfffffffffffffftttt everyone knows that lol
that sucks :-(
the explosion of social media into mainstream business.  We will see everyone joining Twitter  its the  year of the nerd 
here's how to teach you phone to say fuck properly. Don't tell your parents. 
DAMN TJ  You getting called out in songs now??!!
That sucks. I was actually a guest on there! My first time on the radio.
thanks :)  but damn  i need to work on this!! you're the second person in a span of 7 days who's told me i'm unlike me :|
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
hahahahahahahha lmfao I HAVE A MY YEAR BOOK. that was probably mine  i stopped useing it like forever ago.
The last song you listened to?
What color is your favorite hoodie?
I nominate   for #isdoingitwrong Sure   I don't know what *it* is but look at him! He's obviously fucking it up.
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
in soviet russia  youtube bitch meet YOU
What do you think about people who dip? Like chewing tabbacco
it sounded a lot like that  actually. Fucking Hagrid.
Are you trying to say the saran wrap  bacon fat  and rubber bands I currently use don't count as REAL gloves?
vampire :)
niiice likewise...sure the boricua gave that away. ah yes we boricuas have good taste (Rob Pattinson) hehe damn sexy brits lol
no I hate strip clubs and that's not real debauchery. I'd be into checking out a swinger's club but need to be invited to that
as much as I hate the winter  those pics are beautiful. We've had insane-o storms like that in MO. Sucks so bad  esp sans power
ass get out its ur last day damn it!
Rooster is my bitch!
Awesome. Wouldn't have been near as funny w/o his contagious laughter or all the ass authorities making comments...
Being hermit because I kewl like that!  kewl  meanin'  loser  lol jks
Do you lick dick?
Shore I'd be happy too!!!! :)
Hmmm.. its a tie. I loved all the Bailey School Kids Series and Dr. Suess books. But the BFG. All time favorite childhood book.
yes  i just cant spell it. lol r orangatang? hahahahha
hey who diz?
Haha youu need a phone !(:
I thinks you meant to say that TWILIGHT was epic fail  not your mistake. I hate stephanie meyer and I've never even met her.
Where is your biological mother right now?
wow that is damn ridiculous.  I think i will be crossing off dubai for places to visit.
enough for now. im still trying to catch up
the fuck shit is this? people died for less. lol
Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because (it must be) soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
ew I hate software. Btw you look like a white version of that Asian kid who shot up his school.
I just wanted a fucking money order and it took 40 minutes to get it. They won't even look at you if you're on your mobile phone.
Oh man  that sucks.   can you help   out?
MUSE. I want to see them live real bad.
HAHAHA. tom cruise  I WILL FUCK YOU UP 
where is Old Zealand?
Who's the sexiest man alive?
What was your favorite year?
is officially too gay to function!
DAMN.
you need to get rid of that game COCK  you have running the team. Guy is a worthless crybaby  just like all UF staff/players
i hate sewing. Period.
wow r u serious? damn did that period of time skip over you? lol
hahaha yeah i no right.
some kid made copies of the questions and a teacher looked at it...fucking dumbass he/she screwed it up for all of us.
My age group was courrupted at a young age. Damn interwebs. Then again  I don't anyone my age irl who is in fandom/reads fanfic.
ur a damn fool lmao
yeah my son works at Barnes N Nobles...played the mamma mia soundtrack overNover- they all hate it now but sing and dance along!
yes  you remember me trying to keep *MY* lashes on for the awards this year- never fucking wearing those damn things AGAIN
Hmm. Celebrity? Idk. Ummmm perhaps  Jennifer anniston Because she's always trying to do something with the earth and helping others.
I love big bang it is hilarious..and makes me not feel lilke such a nerd. btw how is the jonas situation?
]=
I miss you you crazy fuck.
Longest relationship?
I'm taking a redo: What has two thumbs and a 4.0 GPA this semester? THIS BITCH RIGHT HERE!!  *gesticulates towards self with thumbs*
OK but I'm telling you  it's going to be hard for me to fight my inner grammar nerd. I'll do it for the cause though ;)
I nominate   cuz he's thee Best Damn Troll we gots!! ;))
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Quick! Forget the prenup! Get lo-jack implanted in the new wife instead! I think he's an ass.
Texas is the best state(: Everything is bigger AND better in Texas!!! Bahah
Clearly  manufacturers rarely use common sense to make customers happy  when they can easily just piss you off and make $$$$
lmao that sucks.
sharing my most intimate thoughts with another being  my boyfriend. i used to hate telling anyone anything. but i dont now.
why do we say heads up when we actually duck?
Rockets... damn. makes me wanna turn ne-yo's gay ass off my tv and just sit here.
hahahahahahah lmao  i am straight. i think its funny to act like a lezbian thankyouverymuch. your acting like mrs.dallor.
 re: Conservative Leader of Manitoba  glad to know you remained polite  civil.  Did you tell him   is a dick?
its stupid.
Bill Donahue? Seriously? Ask him why he uses hate speech against gays  women and Jews and maybe I'd listen to his complaints
Bruno
Stop stealing my man ):
As your body fat goes down  so does your risk of other diseases like heart disease and Type II diabetes.
interesting.
probably not but who the fuck knows what's going on with this show anymore.
water!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lot of folk hate process. Hope you've got management support or you'll go mad. RU implmenting an ITIL type meth or cleaning up chaos
Fkkin Bicthes Needa Get A Life Hatinqq Because You Got Boobies And They Dont JEALOUS HOES! (: Your Amazin Sister  !(: I Love Yopu <3 FKK HATERS :DD
thanks. i know i hate it to  but it also makes me happy to see ppl that care. you made me smile  so good job :D
DAMN! I'll wait a month before I send mine for a critique! LOL
Marc got home ok...but said he might've fuckied his rim up. I told his ass the pierogies  sausage wwere gonna knock him out....
Are you vain?
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t! Damn where all the white women at! Come on! Hahaha (so is that why celebs  crossover  when they make it)
oh man  I'm having a nerd heart attack
like 3 months
$3xy
thank you.
Intriguing.
Soon  i must brush my teeth. It's about that time. I think during the next Madonna song. Hmm  but which one? Damn! I'm confused
ass get out its ur last day damn it!
ugh  yes. I am a consumer whore...  and how! 
Pshhh liar ^^
what am i going to do? hahaha  what am i going to do? haha  what im going to do is get some bitchess to kick the living shit out of your ugly fake wanna be bitch made ass.
by a str8 terms technically no penetration means you still have ur vcard but in gay terms she isn't a virgin. sex is sex
LOL. I personally am not ready for a finger ring. Cock ring I would do though. Thats just good times :)
damn  I'm moving south.  Cleveland has it for 1.69/gal
you should start obsessing over him it might freak the delivery guy out.
I cant leave yet and i had to pee but there was water all over and i didnt want wet socks cause i hate that. Lol
Happy birthday you damn sexy hobo!
v3rmillion Sorry must have been all that gay porn I signed you up for.
i hate u like miniature dogs hate people dressing them in t-shirts and little booties.
I'm good for a lot more than some damn pie but that's another conversation lol
:( Damn. Did you smoke the last of your weed and forgot about the pizza cooking in the process?
yep
gotta love brandon! damn!
I hate when it happens to people that are nice. They don't deserve embarassment of that sort.
Lemme make fun of you for crying at a dog movie for Pete's sake. Nerd.
Does smoking bother you?
That's right.  It takes a freak cold front followed by an effing huge snow storm!
--well...i had to pee...and my stupid ass lifted the seat with the same hand i was holdin the phone in...then...PLOOP!!!
YES!  that place has damn good Bar-B-Q.  MMMMM  I'm jealous.
Never watched Thundercats  it was actually Hard Gay HOOOOO. If you don't know him  YouTube it. LOL it's great! (and not gay porn)
oh  well yeah  I hate the elderly too.
Me  too. Now I'm dragging my mature ass off to BED! G'night hawt girlie! Woot!
I never thought I could.....
good to know good to know ;)
yo fuck that dude 4 realz!!! it was allz cuz u  me    animal    marc delicious  were so stupid-ass-rodimus prime fantabibulous!
that sucks =/ you'll get into the other ones.
I used to do the shopping but when my wife stopped worked a few years back she took over. It is just damn cold until April
Do you get annoyed when someone cuts in front of you when you are waiting in line?
Are you laughing your ass off with all these  juicy  twits?
Did you have a good day ??
i hate you all
fucking stupid chat people are fucking idiots! Read what I said so I don't have to repeat myself five fucking times!
i literally could not breathe. that was so fucking scary.
check it on your wii  whore.
LOL! not bad for a gangsta bitch...wo pretends to be classy...LOL! I love the holidays. My fav... 2nd to my Bday!
leave u with this....at least my dick still on my body unlike your stacy bump STD ass
Fuck yeah
lmaoo!!!!
Because  Oh  for fuck's sake!  has so much more impact. And our generation likes to offend old people as deeply as possible.
fuck yeah
fuck that i've given up on him. nas is one album a way from being in the same standing with me
Do you think people talk about you behind your back?
Do you consider yourself a good dancer?
easy! keyshia sucks. It's pathetic when an actor makes a better album in his 3rd profession (act  stand up) than you do in your first
Do you feel weird being around people you do not know?
I HATE IT when that happens! Usually when I'm in a hurry :-/
I don't care about leakage. Fuck the person sitting next to me in coach. (actually I do care)
eu inca ma intreb cum de mi-a fost pusa intrebarea  in primul rand... :|
well damn we should have had a tweet up. I was at Kona last night as well.
Well thank you :] you are too!
do you go to church regularly?
was just joking...hate people who act that way
yes. duh? ha
Since some of you want me to spam them ill spam 10 qs ok if you dont want them ill unfollow you but hit me up quick!!! :))
that looks fucking sweet!!!
i think i've upgraded to a full sugar whore. i need help. lol.
uhh im not in school anymore..must be april hahhaa
lol you'd go gay for Zac Efron
 'Cause I hate that you breathe  I see you duck  you little punk  you little fucking disease.  -- all of my favorite words...
fuck u BIATCH!!!
Fuck that  this hot winter is awesome.
Dick Whittington's Lolcat: NICE SPACE TROUSRS  BOSS #twitpanto
thumbs up!r i just realize our sig pic is thumbs up! well mostly you xD
damn! my breath actually stopped as I thought you'd done that.
well thats just too bad now isn't it? [;
I would pull the  I'm suing your ass 
DAMN SKIPPY!?!?!
Curbed sucks! Scrubs is the greatest show ever created
And by no one I assume you are including me...damn.
sucks 2 b washed up.. gangstas paradise was the shit
i've yet to be impressed with anything from his mouth. He was pissed I wouldn't drive from coweta to pick his drunk ass up
I LOVE Pocoyo!...because I'm a freak!
wow that really sucks. LOL.
work stressing over this damn AE meeting we are having   11am.
hahahahahah :) im replying to this  what about you?
Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
:( Damn. Did you smoke the last of your weed and forgot about the pizza cooking in the process?
what a loser. :P
fail whale?
haha no I'm just trying to fuck with him
OMG your so MEAN .. really really mean +_+  i hate you .. hifftt
Every time I'm on the computer downstairs.  I hate that thing. I feel like there are retarded monkeys inside pulling switches.
don't hate. we'll get you a present too. just turn around. :)
girlfriend where the fuck did u find that photo! lmao!
NERD!
lame
nice voicemail... i didn't enjoy it cuz i am a bitch.
the vibe they give off
Oh  you bastard.  You couldn't wait until I'm not busy.  I'll probably catch the tail end again.  Damn it all.
lol to ever since I got this twitterific I'm tweeting my ass off lol
do you want to switch places with a male?
Yes :)
FUCK I'M FOLLOWING HIM NOW STFU haha
Ugh  twitter stop it  you fucking slut.
yeah we all call her a whore and shes all don't call me that! So i called her a slut. And she said im a tease! And i told her  ...
i feel fucking great get me another drink
To make life a little less inconvient for the every day hot dog eater.
like 3 months
profile song!!!
Ballfuck  she's real. Get over it. vv
that sucks for your teacher. poor guy. isn't your class full of adults? do they act mature like adults are supposed to?
Damn. Oh well  I can't raise my hand for every question. ;-)
idk and probably ours or a monkey or both hahah

get them all out of the dome ....NOW damn it...
damn man u have an amazing boss!
Yea I hv 2 admit after posting I reread  thought the same thng. Guess I was feelin the sis love  got alittle emo on yall
aww  I knoow  I hate that! :-P
Shore am :] Timothy Carson.
Aww... Dnt hate the weather  rain can be so soothing sometimes!^^ I still have one more test DD:
I hate you so much right now. 
imagine a building. not any building...a fucking 300 acre building full of weed....not any weed...but Caucasian Monkey-fuck Weed!
Hell yeah the drunker the better...is drunker a word..more drunk? I think its more drunk? Fuck it our show is hood. drunkener
you must REALLY hate Christmas then!
fuck Dreamhost. that is all.
yes and it got all swollen and red and blahhh lol
Would you get mad if i sprayed shaving cream all over your face?? I would!!!
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #socialmedia because... Shes damn good at everything to do with Social Media.
is a very naughty panda  always has her ass up in the air.
Who owns one  I just fix 'em! Hate it when electricals go to Hades.
guy walks in to a bar with a duck on his head. The bartender says can I help you. The duck says yeah  get this guy off my ass.
That ALWAYS happens to me! Damn skype.
Do you eat all the servings in the food groups on a daily basis?
i used to think that but not anymore.
HAPPY FUCKING BDAY YOU OLD MAN!!!!!! 3333333333 CELEBRATE TONIGHT WITH A TALL COLD ONE :) wooo!
try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
what's your favourite colour?
haha thanks (:
you know what sucks?  Family.  That's what sucks.
makenzie.
How's having like no friend's 
guy walks in to a bar with a duck on his head. The bartender says can I help you. The duck says yeah  get this guy off my ass.
i am  just so behind now   it sucks.
what the? how the? damn it
damn right it should be  horrible stuff YUK!
but i thought every dude was a douchebag trying to fuck a pair of tits. way to not be. lame.
Oh wow your tallllll!! And im like 5'6  and i have a monroe piercing
they're not gross. U shaddup u fat ass HATER!!!  yes I made them for mark  my son.
If everyone got what they wished for do you think the Earth would be a better or worse place?
which mall bih
That album is the fucking shit.
What can you say about Kurt Cobain? Impress me.
tabi what makes you think it was me?! come back to IF you know you want to
Yes.
He can be a nice guy  but he is such a dick when it comes to fabsubbing that it is ridiculous.
the weather sucks right now
  lol BJ's blow ass :P
ha ha loser :)
If you saw a serious crime take place and if you told you could possibly be killed  would you tell?
aw that sucks.
Totally agree with you.  Fuck Prop 8.  very cool that apple came out publicly against 8 on the website.
grown ass kid lol
rollerblading  painting  doodling  formspringing  eating  planting flowers  smiling  taking pictures  reading  drawing  writing always. :]
haha yea huh i do !!!(: i told you just now  lolz ima go to your houseee <3
  @kmellon:  I'm 500 pages in AND at the day job.  Eat that dick.
do you like the sound of the wind chimes?
I have no idea haha maybe fly so then like it doesnt matter what happens to the world i'd be safe coz i could fly away right?
wanting to help everyone but myself.
Do you ever think humans will be satisfied?
twins! we've been watching this one guy  he sucks with a hammer
i really hate that song but thats like equivalent to  fuck them other niggas  to the 40 and up crowd
LOL Hon  I have been saying for a while now that this boy will be gay. It really bothers the hubs when I do  so Im tryin 2b good
I can't complain chuz i dnt have or had one! hahaha soon though! real soon! 
Pull your head outta your ass! Are you ready to take the helm?
Do you own a striped sweater?
cute video lexi u hve some of the of the weridest  cutest little toys i know wht u'll say (shut the fuck up ACH) haha
ducking ducking ducking. Stupid ass autocorrect
 marinates penis  That's gay dude.
I can't help that you keep looking for gay midget porn on YT. The volume is too loud for you but I like blaring my Celine Deon.
just to clarify-  not really to the cunt punting... but really to the you being welcome to come over anytime!
Aw  don't hate on Keith.  He's still smarting from that not-being-crowned-the-next-Russert thing.  :)
yes yes  so gay.
that sucks.
favorite song?
I'm jealous  I get all emo when I lack the season of all natures  sleep. :-)
ummmm the begging of this year coz i had kayla in my class lol =] but there was nice ppl in my new now old class ha.
Coke Zero should absolutely not exist. Cherry Coke Zero is alright  but I still say fuck it.
yes.. a she-wolf in love  is it even possible? Which team do we root for now? I'm a faithless whore  struck by Amor
LMFAOOOOO. and he looks emo now? i'd believe it.
I hope you're fucking right now. Birthday sex for the win!
mr. deeds. hilarious :)
I hate you sometimes. lol
That sucks... Can you use it on your iphone?
  aw shucks you guys...are gay.
There's some dude at this bar that totally looks like you. Should I kick his ass for impersonating?
Yes i have. Not the newest one with Will Smith's kid and the chinese boys pickin on him but i have all the others with the white kid  hahaha there all great movies :)
Whatever... I just hate how the popularity of bands seems to inversely affect how much people are allowed to like them
If you bumped your car into another car  but nobody saw you do it  would you leave your name and address?
oh this sucks  would love to hang out but I am heading to Costa Rica and won't be back until the new year.
damn! Putting my chocolate cake to shame.
ooooh! Don't make me come out there now! Whatchoo know about silk's freak me? Nah wait...you need to lose control first
Do you wear hoodies often?
a pussy snow
  yo...heroes sucks!!! I loved season 1  despised 2 and feel like season 3 is a lousy high school special. BOO HISS BOO!!
any workplace where that isn't safe needs to harden the fuck up :p
Reminds me of another apt metaphor (Northerners say  fuck you  to mean  how nice  Southerners say  how nice  to mean  fuck you ).
nothing really
How many chairs are at your dining room table?
damn nature  you scary!
When you were little  what did you want to be when you grew up?
I still think you should be prouder of the  Fuck fuck fuck!  but  Rock!  is pretty good. When will you be teaching her  FUCK YEAH 
lovely day in with my family :]
What reality show do you wish you could be part of?
Sounds almost as good.  Original Halo was great.  Next Fri night with no wife we should nerd it out with Wii  Xbox  Movies!
I *really* hate housework! Then again  it was great waking up to a clean LR  kitchen! Maybe I should do it more often... :-)
Is there anything that can make you sick just by smelling it?
how many kids do you want to have in the future?
burritoville is dead? What the fuck?!
Michael? Rant? NEVAH!!!! Srsly  that sucks...
what are you gonna stab a bitch with? scissors? knife? spear? sword? cock? pencil? dildo? cattle prod? broken glass?
idiot's a good one and so is asshat  dumb shit  and dick wad.
I gotcha :D
luk like dhat boii tyga tyga
too right XD Gordon Brown can officially kiss my ass! Freak!
that sucks man...
*twitch* I. Hate. You. J/k.
im better tthan youu :)
P.S.  Fuckitty fuck fuck  is def. worse to say in a Holy Place. Especially if you're Catholic.
oh well WTF lol add that to your list of  Stephen told me to watch   it's fucking awesome  Will is amazing in it :)
My boyfriend
sigh.. I can telw you because altho you'll laugh at me at least you won't think I'm a freak or tell anyone.
lawl. Sucks to be THEM  then.
Wilt fresh spinach with hot bacon fat and top with bacon!
Dina?
Why are u goin to North?
work on this glorous sat. with this crazy ass shoppers
you are such a whore LOL
sucks for you. its a good cd.
Remind me never to piss you off. LOL
i dont believe so. only that i would help more than i do now.
been here more then a hour just to get my vegas shit back damn slow service shiat
I don't hate any man but I want every fan and reporter who was humping his leg at the start of the season to reflect on the season.
That was meant to look more lighthearted than it did  btw. Add lol or :) to it. I hate that my type always looks so bitchy
What would you do if your partner cheated on you?
U gave me ur insomnia Im drinkin mountain dew and blastin 50cent  I've lost my damn mind.
nope. but i wink at timmy sometimes :]
fuck the krebs cycle.
you  dear sister  are a freak. this heat sucks.
Damn  I want to Milton  wish I could be there.  'Look homeward  Angel  now  and melt with ruth  I guess.
mes  they can be fun
let me know if you want a co-pilot tonight to keep your ass awake!
Me and Xentury discussed this. If you just got out of a house with a killer and you turn around to see a kid still stuck in the house  do you go back?
Fuck again. Call 1800QZAK. Then your problems will be solved. I might even get you a discount
I lovee fruit.r But i would say strawberries. no watermelon. berries! blue  rasp  black..ughhh maybe melon. oh lovee apples and bananas. Hmmm..pineapple. Anything but the little bright red cherries. there imposter cherries. ha
Not really the second one so much. It had some good underlying morals and all but the movie itself drug on and on i thought.
is english your primary language?
formspringg haha noo..my boyfriend. Were always out staying busy.
damn.
Ever dropped a cell phone?
Shit I hate the tough questions. Is maybe a valid answer?
what would the worse prank EVER be?
Be my pen pal?? :)
Did you know that you remind me of an old man?
OMG! cute emo cow! that would be acceptable! and the cow wouldn't mind the blood drinking...
My old school shit   i wud SOOO throw it away bhut my mom! Urgh
Give me a hint :)
Ehhh i guess spiderman
Damn dog  didnt call them like I said to? Well I is working till around 9ish
That sucks. My MBP came with a DVI out and a VGA adapter dongle.
lmfao! See this why I can't fuck w u! U kno I'm dead offa that Al B Shep!....
I'm late to the emo-ball.. I'm not even dressed.  WHY un-follow you?  What did you do now (pft- can't take him anywhere...)
bitch was craaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzy!
I always thought of him as Hermy  the wannabe dentist.
to be specific he didnt choke her (right?) he bit her on the back while banging her in the ass. (just to be clear)... :)
Oh yeah. That would be a good one. I still think they could kick ass doing  Got to Get You Into My Life. 
wow emo... Ik ben benieuwd...
me too. So entertaining. Dude you watch this mvie called trailor parl of terror. Fucking brilliant.
that wat u get for sayin u wasn't impressed lmao. The parkin tickets a bitch though
are you looking for any bfs atm =)
As your body fat goes down  so does your risk of other diseases like heart disease and Type II diabetes.
Wow  that sucks  work at home day?     I couldn't agree more  good day to be under the covers  relaxing.
YES. the thing is big enough for my ass plus another half. its like my parents couch.
that sucks    plays this game called cube crash that she really likes. You should check it out.
whelchers fuckin suck ass!
  Done! But I must tell you  that negro got a hard ass head. My elbow hurts...
Txt me what?? Lol
juiceegapeach I was gonna ask Jia I am lost I have resorted to reading. LOL I first heard about it from MBD's video I hate boring blogs
I was about to watch the news at 10 pm for the weather! Oops  it's 11 pm now! LOL. I'm enjoying Madonna so damn much! Groovy man
haha someone told me katie (?) was a bitch so I was like ehh. Death cab  JACKS MANNEQUIN FGHSDJ 3 hehe
I hate to point this out  but didn't you call Death Race awesome? DR will make my bottom 10 list w/o a doubt.
I prefer 1st weekend of December for decorations going up. Hate shops selling Xmas stuff from end August. Late November better
ya. Luckly that hasn't happened in years. Sucks backing a semi just over half a mile.
DOGS LICK THEIR ASS...NEED I SAY MORE? DOG.
DAMN! I'll wait a month before I send mine for a critique! LOL
im 30 u
I hate you so much right now. 
Nope.
LIKE HOW U SAY WHAT THE FUCK AND CLEAN IT UP WITH HECK LOL
your first time? you'll soon be sick of the damn thing...
what is something that your mom doesnt know about you?
i hate when i miss mac chats! grrr
i hate u. looooooool
to the corner of it and cry :D
Have any of you girls used the mens restroom before? Guys have you used the womens restroom? I saw a guy today going into the girls restroom cuz the mens was being cleaned lol!!! i was just like wtf?lol
if you're going to have to spend that much for a fucking pizza  at least go to mellow mushroom or somewhere not disgusting.
I responded and asked you  but yes it does vary. Some think gay marriage is immoral. I think those people are bigots.
Fat Baby drinkinggg and listening to Duffy's band
...If you want to go back to Idaho so bad why dont you??? ... Texas doesnt want you here anymore than you want to be soo .. just leave!!!
hahah  ass :P hehe
well either wy thy like dick wayyy to much.
Annoyed lol
Damn iPhone made my Brad  Angelina pick blurry!  
nooo
These fuckin FOOLISH ass atheletes !!! 35 mill down the drain    not to mention a great Giants season..WHY ?!?!?!?!
It's a necessary part of growth to shed the fat that was piled on during the boon of th 80s. #hhrs #tcot
I guess the difference lies in your assumption that gay is  behavior  vs mine that it's an inborn trait  like left-handedness
sears baby. I used to sell a ton of those. :) I hate ceran tops anyway-the tales ARE true.
Wow that sucks. Glad you got it fixed.
i used to have night shift   IBM..... but alas without fucking.....
ummmm  people tell me i am. but i dont really show alot of people my stuff.
rude people
chicken veggie penne. Its amazingg :]
Fuck you Ian  I know you're using a joke book!
how are you such a hottie?
awww damn yeah....that really sucks!
aww  I knoow  I hate that! :-P
lock it  yank his rights on both his accounts.  He's been a little bitch lately and I'm sick of it.
yes very much lol =]
ah damn.
Great you?
man  that sucks. need any more balls kicked? i'll do it!
ouch that sucks..
yikes. That sucks. Sorry to hear that.
got the  Fail Whale  once already today... :/
that sucks...there are however some decent comic shops in dallas. and MANY half-price books. mecca for cheap trades.
i still feel bad. I woke up at 2 am and was like fuck! Then i saw that carly called
lol I'm glad I'm not the only one smh  speaking of I need to carry my ass to sleep so I can get up in the morn ha ha
YES! That's what I hate. It's like they were 'ugh wtf coffee break' and had someone else finish it.
regarding you and your tea obsession  you have become SO GAY  break out the Thermite man!!!!!  Shape up
can you travel around the world in 80 days
i hate your face sounds EXACTLY like something i would say.also reminds me of a drunk girl trying to fight me and
dude.  she's fugly.  i think ur a desperate ass cam perv.
I just wanted a fucking money order and it took 40 minutes to get it. They won't even look at you if you're on your mobile phone.
how do u know what Tip's ass looks like?
Your to young what love is bitch so do you use it!!! Dumb whore put your boobs away!!!
I AM SO UPSET RIGHT NOW IRL  GODDAMN YOU. I AM KEEPING HIM TIED TO THE BED AT NIGHT FROM NOW ON  FUCK YOU AND DAVROS.
Sylar/Peter? FUCK YEAH :P Us in the middle?
No
your a fagggggg
you're a fat bitch? I think you just called yourself one. Lmao... Well if you wanna out yourself in that category... Ha ha
does your dick tan too?
Fuck again. Call 1800QZAK. Then your problems will be solved. I might even get you a discount
  --I'm sayin'! I mean  I'm a Winnie Cooper guy  but Topanga was a good ass woman. Plus...the rack! Yowza!
Yeahh
U go to RMS?
thanks sugar  i get a little sensitive here and there. damn holidaze!
how much should a bag of kettle korn be?
go fuck yourself.
Let that pussy freeze. Rotten bitey little bastard.
do you like spongebob
that's show is the bizness.. Why must we watch nasty ass sht
Have you ever yelled at a telemarketer?
nahhh not really
Do you like ketchup?
sucks 2 b washed up.. gangstas paradise was the shit
Hey thx!  I just hate to have Win XP crash anymore than necessary.  That is why I have been so conservative.  I'm gonna try Chrome.
How do you feel right now?
yeah my son works at Barnes N Nobles...played the mamma mia soundtrack overNover- they all hate it now but sing and dance along!
your a pale whore..
gay + high on crack + Razor sharp vagina? sounds like   to me
that would be one shocking pussy lol
I brought Prussia back  bitch.
Oh.  Damn  I was hoping for my share.
if you don't know who i am  why follow me? get a fucking life and stop bitching about the past
Umm... we would go to jack-in-the-box! haha
nahh its humorous usually
WHATTTTT O________O omg.....nahhhh i hate roller coaster and im extremely scared by this shoot......
Oh! That's what I need. Some damn coffee...LOL.
Ugh. Probably the same brain-deficient retard who stole my name on Youtube  Gaia  and all the faggy sites. How old is she?
Not too much
you must REALLY hate Christmas then!
That sucks. Are you alright?
worst food you've eaten that you almost throw up?
I hate you so much.
Not during the party  b/c Dick's in a good mood much of the night. So Bart doesn't get it beat out of him now.
For sureeee :]
i need some of that money to get some of that tryfe heatery...the freeway shit was BOOOOOOONKERS!!! you killed that damn beat fam...
They probably karted all over you...Kats are knwon to do that.   :D All hate mail goes to...
Would you take a actual hard drug if it could save your life and you were about to die?
She makes me sick. She thinks she's cool and youthful cuz she watches that show. Phony bitch.
damn  that sux
a bunch im sure. white lies are the hardest to remember
How does he feel about marmite? Love It or Hate It?
what if their  you  really sucks? like  why be a wack person when you can be an imitation of a more cool person? i think this
no  im tabitha jai locascio. myspace.com/tabiisaninja i have a face book to  ask for it. I HAVE NO CLUE WHO THIS CHEYENNE IS  so please send a link so i can see for myself  because i guess she might be using my pictures.
not grandparents..
Timothy
LOL! The out-of-town revelers are arriving early for NYE...Damn tourists
Ballfuck  she's real. Get over it. vv
i hate that so much
I can't say for sure that the universe doesn't hate you  but I've had several problems too.
This holiday is to celebrate a man nailed to a board. I want you to be MERRY about it. Why are you crying? DON T FUCKING CRY!
Son. Of. A. Bitch. :-p
i really hate that song but thats like equivalent to  fuck them other niggas  to the 40 and up crowd
Smileyyyyy :D Dood these haters maynn. They bee trippin' <3 DriDri
shut the fuck up LOL. I wanted to take a pic so bad but it would have been obvious. My mom wanted the hat. I just tried it on haha
For the record  it's fucking freezing...
I am off here for a bit. Gotta hang out w. Xentury. <3 Leave me things. Thank you.
Take Ur ass home
i no VV its called jealousy haha
yea school sucks sometimes. thanks bro figured id mess around on here to waste some more time from studyin ha
kaylas house..................oh yer i went there lol jks...ily kayla:) lol.
I hate when it asks if I have trouble walking. How rude! ;) #wiifitenthused
   I hate calculus... :(
still a student??
I HATE that commercial.  It makes me SO mad.
whats you favorite movie of ALL TIME
Fear. Only because of the corruptness of it all.
#NAME?
I hear you can cook your ASS off!!! =)
Damn I also like Ferrero Rocher dark chocolate version.  They induce the zits on my chin :'(
that's why I throw a hard ice grill at him...no words...get the ticket and get the fuck out cause I've never had luck
yeah but zro rly is the eMo city don
  oooh shit i forgot what i was gonna tell y'all -_O UMMM oopsie...ugh i hate my short term memory
Would yu ever even think abou goin out wit hannah fish or donna james?
Do you like the smell of cigarettes?
Not fist fight. But a serious fight  yes. haven't we all? ha
Then she changed roles and she is a little less bitch from hell but still  her sting has too much barb.
Eyes? I guess...
my hubby says no  he (freak) likes poodles. I like australian shepherds. So we're stuck w/ a mutt. But thx for the lead!
Stop it! I keep thinking you're going to say he's here! Now I'm waiting vicariously through you! Dammit! I hate waiting for babies!
damn girl. that was fire!
tasha. instead of Tosha :)
LMFAOOOOO. and he looks emo now? i'd believe it.
ummm...just say   naw  not 2day  but i'll hit you up later.  you get the point across without seeming like a bitch. feel mi?
Ooo  yuch! Did he forfeit his ticket? That sucks. :( Tell him to go to Argentina instead  in my opinion  it's way better. :)
And by no one I assume you are including me...damn.
Leeme' get choo' numbaa ;)
man! and you're texting while driving? haha crazy! damn you're lucky. i wish my parents would let me go! 30% chance i'm going
that really sucks :-( I could have recommended you an amazing chiropractor!
FUCKING ELLAS A RETARDED CUNT ALOT OF PEOPLE COULD DO A BETETER JOB THEN HERE SHES RACIST AGAINST BLACKS
Watching the Biggest Loser. I'm amazed by weight gain or weight loss.These people are losing 5  10 20  30 lbs in one week.Amazing
damn almighty
LMAO. I was very confused. What a bitch she is.
What a fab site! I didn't see the cozy *snort* but I want the mermaid gloves! Damn I wish I'd paid attention to my Nana... xxx ooo
sucks  don't it?
ummmm no offense  but 12 ounces....isnt that more than u weigh o'fuzzy guinea pig?  :)
the matrix still Kicks ASS!!!!!
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
The job sitch sucks. My husband's a carpenter. Who do you think is building in this economy? NOBODY.
like I said  I wouldn't even do it with your dick!
What do you think Victoriau2019s secret is? ;p
it pretty much sucks. He really didn't wait at all with looking did he?
can you take jokes?
i dont hate her  i just dont like somethings she does  doesnt mean those jokes arnt ourss?
oh fuck. Christmas is next week???
OOGA BOOGA FOOCHA FUCK YOUR WHOLE DAY!!!!!!!!
:) yes i actually truely would.
Snow White or Ariel?
damn I tought I had a ton of email addies.
bout to cut this bus driver. smug late ass bastard
Or  he's just sick of hearing me bitch about the cold and doesn't know what else to get me. I like your theory better  lol.
Yes. Paramore :]
Here's all you need to remember... I actually AM as smart as you think you are. I know  it sucks to be you. I'm sorry?
your so fack  go suck a VAG!
TELL IT TO STOP BEING SUCH A DICK!
HOLY FUCK! that was one tough fucking cow!
dude  you're fucking insane
Do you believe there's intelligent life on other planets?
 @maddow. where is that big gay planet? can I go there now please? someone please fucking segregate me off this rock.
yes
aww  that soo sucks D:
fucking jp losman
damn you hater!  lol
good morning Alexa!  Go kick some ass!!
that sucks!
I got fuck all for Christmas babe. How about you?
it's emo because you used a razor. An explained joke isn't funny. :(
i guesss so. ha
What can you say about Kurt Cobain? Impress me.
No God no. Fuck no. Fucking fuck god no.
wow! You're a real cunt!
I have both now. iPhone camera sucks as well as lack of other things  but email  twitter and apps are good. Big screen is nice.
mate u know there are french umbracians out there cg09 u may get ur ass whupped :-}
I can see it now.  Listen  you cow-loving yahoos  just put all of the slurpee in this bag! What? Cups? I don't need fucking cups!
try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
Well good god damn.
Who's the funniest person you know?
Lazy ass :)
that sucks! no wait  that's cool! umm. no.. that sucks! but it's cool! sucks! cool! sucks! cool! sucks! cool!  ...........
idk
Would you rather work at a large company or a small one?
What is the most important quality in a person or friend?
perhaps i should call it that to freak the family out.
Yeah it was four years ago  but I have a long memory. I also still hate the Avalanche even though they've sucked for years. :}
I think they can with a kick ass stereo.;)
How do you feel right now?
toilet paper.
you are sucha nerd! Love it!!! V(^_^) haha
Got to make sure gay people don't reproduce and overpopulate the earth you know.
which keyboard do u hate? I hate iPhone keyboard. Yes touchscreen is cool but I WISH I had actual buttons 2 push! Less typo's
Semi around  cant promise you much action but if you post I'll reply best as I can. Sorry babe I know tonight sucks for ya
Man!!! You got out that garage hit them stairs so damn fast!!!!! lmao!!! Im like look at this nicca... lol..
Name the most terrifying moment of your life so far.
probably 2
TWITTER SLUT!
lolss yeahh yew aree
you're a fucking bully  man.
fuck yeah
aw  thanks. it's going better than yesterday  that's for damn sure. :-D
oh in that case. WTF  thats some ugly ass shit to do.
AWWWW I HATE THAT!!!! I had to buy that gadget you can stick your hard drive into to pull them off. SO SUCKS! Sorry. :0(
I might get in a snowball fight out this bitch!
For money not to be the root of all evil and the rule of most of humanity. I hate money.
im not good with pranks. soory :(
*giggles and cuddles* Its some kids show...that is disturbing as FUCK.
Chicken Or Hamburgers?
  Cock and bull
damn straight. one of the guys here only just made it out alive
nah  i told him to text me when he gets off; i hate texting him   work because he takes 4- to respond! lol
ahh damn it: Action 12.1.5.0 of Microsoft.SharePoint.Upgrade.SPSearchDatabaseSequence failed. and i didn't snap shot my VM DOH!
They are a pain in the ass but oh sooo comfy!!! Worth the $1000!!!
Or  he's just sick of hearing me bitch about the cold and doesn't know what else to get me. I like your theory better  lol.
fort polk  louisiana. in the united states. it was a military base.
you're gonna get fat!
u like somebody at lakes?
 Uh... Fail Whale? What Fail Whale? *whistling non-chalantly*
Fuck yea it's the bomb
thanks Steph about the Carters  I don't frequent there too much  I hate their sizing charts.  I love  Childrens Place  though
did you get all my questions? cause I've been flooding you for the past few days..
oh  i am fine. But she will not be if she doesn't shut her fat fucking mouth.
no grown man should include DIP in his sentence....lol...I know I'm hatin but fuck it I'm lookin   snow..lol
lol!!!!  I used to be the wknd assignment editor and would get mail addressed to  Weekend Ass  I didn't know how to feel.
nigga fuck put a Lil gin in it a drink dat shit son fuck 08
la intalnirile viitoare pentru ca la asta  din pacate  nu am cum sa ajung :(
it's never been as bad as that first round but it still sucks when it comes back  I think I'll pour a drink ;)
whuut youu up 2to  follow me on dis shxt :)
Piss off. ;)
Were you a Michael Jackson fan?
ROFL! You got me. Monkey would totally kick Bruce Lee's ass. I bow down to your superior wisdom.
Idk... its a month that 4 sure lol
slap a bitch? What you want to do is CHOKE A BITCH like Wayne Brady!
i really hate that song but thats like equivalent to  fuck them other niggas  to the 40 and up crowd
yea..brang yo ass down  son :) I'll be   Essence again...Staying   the W! (thanxxxxxx Sony woop woop n da poop poop)
thanks. i know i hate it to  but it also makes me happy to see ppl that care. you made me smile  so good job :D
Damn me and my drunken twitters!  Lol...but I had a point.
okaaaaayyy
yesssssssssssssss...its funny cause i hate the weather...but im gettin ready to move back to michigan on tuesday where its worse HA!
Wow for awhile I thought I was the only one getting these poser follows... Phewwww Nightmare over. Thanks
Mmmh... My second grade teach Mrs. Caldwell <3
no body likes yuuuuuuu!
yes. i do walks all the time
 @lastlee...that movie was good...not boring...very gay....but equally good
Dick Clark looked sloshed last night? I was thinking animatronic.
well hot damn my wish came true! Where the hell have I been? I had no idea!
Do you like Care Bears?
LMAO! It's so funny  bounce that ass 
Thats what my aunt says. Still TMI. lol What are u watchin wit fat folks on it?
yea the weather sucks. At least you missed the 8 degree weather though lol.
I gave up on SATC when she did what she did to John Corbett! Never liked Mr Pig  I mean Mr. Big.
   @l!X $3D yUh wUz j3rk!n oFf t  q  p0RN !n hIsz q   wi+ y0 d @d
you don't have a mac? i'm super shocked  especially w/ the line of work you're in. macs piss on PCs  all day  urrday.
Im dead serious.Real athletes never cheat don't even have the appearance of at his level. Fuck him dude seriously  I think he did
Uhm. Actor(: They get paied more haha
i hate those DIY post office things here in #ALB. no matter what the lines are still insane.
  fuck yes to both of you.  3
as much as I hate the winter  those pics are beautiful. We've had insane-o storms like that in MO. Sucks so bad  esp sans power
ummm wat the fuck u went and saw the jobros without me!!!!!WTF?????
 marinates penis  That's gay dude.
yea today was broke. Xmas time sucks.
i BET YOU WERE SILLY ASS! lol
Hey  at leat you got SOMETHING. Know what we get at work  as I found out 2day? NADDA! Bah hum bug! Damn scrooges!
Did you have a good day ??
violent ass...
that does sound gay. I never had that in year 12. And thanks!
Elephants have very good memories. Who realised that and what other brain was it measured against?
Okay I am done spamming for right now. I will more later tonight. My husband is cooking dinner and I am about to eat. But please spam me back. And I hope you all have a great night! <3 -ChloroformGRL
i still think your hot
I used to do the shopping but when my wife stopped worked a few years back she took over. It is just damn cold until April
Santa Cycle Rampage Ride starts at 10:30 at the Fat Abbey Bier Cafe (Juneau and Water). Bring your best red and white costume.
K-PAX. Watch it :)
hahah word  their set was off the fucking hezay
doodle
Fucking pallys. I learned to hate them playing Warcraft III. And fuck rogues too while we're at it.
Mary?! lol hahahaha
I hate those backgrounds because you can't click on any of those listed links. I find it frustrating.
because youre stupid.
and I hate office xmas partys... but yeah  ours sounds worse...
It just sucks that so many use it as a crutch.
WHATTTTT O________O omg.....nahhhh i hate roller coaster and im extremely scared by this shoot......
Since some of you want me to spam them ill spam 10 qs ok if you dont want them ill unfollow you but hit me up quick!!! :))
want me to cut a bitch for ya?
They've been good :)
FUCK YEAH BIOSHOCK! Tell me how the apartment hunt goes!
I never said anything about lovin ya  dick cheese  just that I say your name alot  probable with fuck in there somewhere
closing now. some gay xmas thing
damn bro  best of luck.
Don't hide that pussy from yourself. Bust that kegel nut.
Ah  I hate that. We get the mormons every now and then. Last time it was a really hot day  and my dad offered the guy some water. .
Do you believe in life after death?
no taco bell  damn i lives through you  they closed the one up here!!
Damnit.  I've started a new short story.  About a dentist. Fuck.
omg really i never noticed lol =]
are you currently taken?
sigh.. I can telw you because altho you'll laugh at me at least you won't think I'm a freak or tell anyone.
.. STFU TABI ... you may not be fake .... but your a bitch annd need to go back to Idaho .. HOEEE ... orr just go to W'ford.. your better off ther anyways (: .. you have like 1 maybe 2 friends in brock  soooo leave
I hate having a bunch of pics in my camera roll
I remember when being snippy just meant I was trying to piss someone off... am I showing my age? :)
who is the love of your life?
o.  Well then.  Fuck santa.
if he's upset with Brandyn's work area I'd hate to see wha he thinks of mine :P
I'm keeping it now *just* to piss you off. hehehe
Damn.  That NY resolution didn't last long! lol
might install now that you've acted as my guinea pig :D
Have you ever spent an entire day in bed without being sick?
I never watch those show or even read the lists because they invariably piss me off.
<3
DAMN IT EDDIE!
New york or paris?
YES! That's what I hate. It's like they were 'ugh wtf coffee break' and had someone else finish it.
yes lots.
Thanks for the info.  But it's that fat rain that gets you really wet. I guessing Swansea only has skinny rain but lots of it.
Ah. Gay!
esp. if someone is working for an employer supportive of gay rights  seems wrong for someone to then not show up to work.
i still feel bad. I woke up at 2 am and was like fuck! Then i saw that carly called
lets just hope i dont kick any ass. im in a violent mood.
way to damn hard
divinewrite ps. How do you guys down under say  that was a Kick Ass e-book 
hate. you.
entertaiin mhee
don't have one
that sucks :-(
hangs longer than u while u lay there on ur ass! 1 day u gonna look back   these days  ask urself where did ur life go?
admit it. You're secretly in training for RSA.   who? I can see it now: Cigar  red-bull  and can of whoop-ass. Nice.
What would you do if somehow you caught a STD?
Damn! What are you  Jordan's personal assistant? Okay  I'm sorry! I won't anymore
Last night. Me  My boyfriend went to the store and I started pickin up all kinds of things to buy and was like what the heckk did I even come here for!! :/ haha Thank goodness for my bf having his head on straight.
that sucks.
Not often. haha
ewww  hate it hate it hate it!
nigella is a bit of a tease I reckon  imagine how fat you'd be stayin at hers
not standing up for herself.
Working out just hurts so damn good!! lol
first.
Haha nahh ive just fractured some thumbs bhut itz all good lol
close your eyes and count until 10 NOW.       what went through your mind? be honest
YOU RE A GAY!? .... =) I 3 you
art IS easy. who the fuck gives A+s?
I can see it now.  Listen  you cow-loving yahoos  just put all of the slurpee in this bag! What? Cups? I don't need fucking cups!
sucks for you
can you tell loser tudds to turn his fucking phone on...
multiple times :]
I hate them. I eat them for dessert. I will keep following you. I believe in your cause
WOW YOUR A BAD ASS... HAHA
Your so fucking immature I'm sorry you have no friends so you have to be rude to everyone
Okay. Will do :)
damn I'm behind
damn dude  we just missed each other in phoenix
I gave up on lighting hell this year. Got a 9 ft. pre-lit fake.  Love the smell of real but hate creating demand for tree killin'
LOL and I have missed the 12.55 as the freakin fat b*tch won't let me in! :O
What will make you nervous faster than anything?
  You guys are in the same fucking house and using twitter to talk.
Ouch.  That sucks!!
Agreed!  Twitter showed the way with the whale ;)
nope
Whoa. Marc Blucas' new hair is a fucking crime against humanity. The horror. From loveable goof to douchebag  instantly.
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
Do you like spiders?
that looks fucking sweet!!!
aw man  that sucks!
oh ok. that must suck ass. I'm signing up for bid day out roadie next year. should be fun.
how did you meet dad BITCH!
lol  but what was the rumor? Gah I feel like I'm back in High School  I wanna fuck up whoever says shit about Dave  he's kickass
fuck yo couch! In yo face!
Only if i've had a bad day.
That was fucking hilarious... WIN
I HATE driving in this shit.
I like winamp  but video support sucks. I have media player classic installed but don't like it. Gom works great for video.
now that's the spirit and a whale of a good deed....thar he (snow) blows!
So find someone who can play the violin really well... and beat his ass...? xD *slinks back into hiding*
i hate the  let's play introductions  throwaway day in classes of more than 5 at the beginning of a semester.
this makes mme smile lol. I hate him. But we still dont bring him up bc to us he is dead and non-existant.
yeah and its really cute that i filmed two weddings that need to be edited and I CANT because my uncle sucks hard.
I will kick that pirate's ass if he got married again. Just sayin'
I think the mama song :) hahar It was really pretty and it was the first time I had heard it  so live was awesome.
Y'know  it's very stereotyped emo.. I know plenty of older people who follow the trend  cult the whole way.
hahahahahah :) im replying to this  what about you?
Damn cat. She snuck into Aidan's CRIB (1st time) he woke screaming  went in  he was squeezing her  she was kicking his tummy.
fuck. :( 3
kuz dea claimed iHit sum female wid a trash can
Why yuh only answered da one thng
have you ever been on itellyouthat.com? go there and tell something to the world :D
Hahaha ohmyGod you are an actual jerk
What's the quickest you've fell for someone?
I wonder if can write  Kevin Rudd Is A Cunt  for the next 30?
QuantumOfSuck is a wannabe Transporter 3...
but...but...to hate them is sin!!! just give me the ones you get angry with...i'll take care of them! hahaha
I hate when that happens!
gay man
dawns a Fucking twat and   that is the best song on the album
no. i must have missed that one. damn. ;-)
If theres an exception to every rule  is there an exception to that rule?
damn right
Damn  I miss The Mark Show sometimes. :-)
If it wasn't for AT&T's spotty network  I'd switch in a heartbeat. That's where Verizon kicks some serious ass.
Piss off. ;)
don't get me started about my slumlord. Did you make it into work? It's NUTTY outside. I love this weather! (but hate winter ttc)
thanks  the nerd in me is overjoyed
haha  that's ghey. Tell them it sucks balls and they need a real designer.
Where would you like to spend your retirement?
It is always a pain  always takes longer than you expect.  I hate waiting until Friday  it means the weekend too (for me).
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
When you drop your phone  Do you get scared it broke? I do >.<
What kind of music do you listen to?
Pretty much  but now there will be less AIM errors! Weeeee  you can see that I don't type like a retard!
i miss you !(: lolz
#NAME?
Play boiiiii lol jk I dunno? hah
LMAO!! Hot sauce indeed!  but sheeeeit. you can take a picture of   wrapped in ME! fuck the dumb lol
I LOVE trains. But they are pretty damn expensive
Never Mind All Better! r But I Have A Soar Throat r Bleh!
HI! Lol Who is this?
damn right it should!  It's a mighty fine word!
 welcome to frisco on new years....damn crazy!
yes  you remember me trying to keep *MY* lashes on for the awards this year- never fucking wearing those damn things AGAIN
you know what  fuck it I'm doing  Jew-Boy money 
Word  they're in the way. Always grabbing the ankles and needing food/care. FUCK BABIES.
because there is nothing else to do.
wait sooo is there like a lot to tell me?
I just moved!! To my own apartment. So only one for me. haha but the building has 3.
BITCH GET ONLINE  I FOUND CUTE SHOES
yes. only because it's petty highschool crap thats annoying and not needed. haha
Still  it's damn moronic that media people can't access media  particularly media made by their own company!
Damn. I was there this morn.
there's gonna be a nerd party in utah on new years!
Where are ya From??=)
Gee  i might if the person running this hadn't been such a bitch to me. I'll focus my efforts elsewhere  thanks.
whats your favourite number?
Why r u such a bitchh??? I hate u I'm gonna kick ur ass whore!!
Fuck  don't even get me started. As soon as I saw  Animal Fri--   I was half way to creaming myself.
aww damn so u cant even see that video i posted. i know that should would def take u back to the good old days!
so do you believe that What Goes Around ... Comes Back Around?
just found the email buried in inbox  count me **IN** i've been on the receiving end of foodbanks growing up. it SUCKS BIGTIME
that sucks!
I like to look at it as  meeting their needs  not necessarily  kissing ass ... although if you can do both  do!
kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
I would have laughed so damn hard.
When was the last time your inbox was empty? Lol do you remember what an empty inbox likes
What is your favourite ride at an amusement park?
no guarantees.  hate the place. I'm ust going there to make sure my parents are still alive.
i cant believe i woke up to read that question on twitter lol hahahaha wow im up now! damn lol because men r greedy! lol
damn man sorry to hear that
KUM ON DEN WIT DAT BIG DICK
I hate that about our people!
dude Stef says  he is the biggest pussy on Christmas eve ever 
emo-hair+hip hop-fitted hat
damn you! Now I have it too. Sharing with all: the theme song from The Monkees is stuck in our heads.  Hey hey we're the Monkees
MOD_ELLA IS A FUCKING CUNT
People say I don't know alot. Is that a real answer? (Personally I think not.)
yo I will nerd out on this shit all day!
Have you seen his ugly ass? he IS the phantom. Women wouldnt sleep with him if he didn't woo us with melodies and faux-mance
what do you usually do to relieve yourself from hiccups?
got it .. and I have read that! Gonna re-read tho..Im stuck and have been for a while..sucks! Thx for help--love ur stuff.
Damn that's a lot of money for tickets! I guess her little girl only turns 16 once though. :-)
I hate  open  themes! lol  Dang I wish we had a camera club here....how hard would it be to start one I wonder???
Hmm..depends on if my toes are cutesied up and the outfit ;] but usually sneakers
HEY BETCH. wanna not be a lil slut?! please oh lordy STOP CUTTIN EYES AT ME!r cus she want me dead (;
omg who sent you a fuck you letter??
I take full pride in being a nerd. Hahah.
you work in cape cod. why the fuck am i up so early. argh  stupid cousin &brother.
what happens when someone tells u gators suck ass lmao. U pull a gun or stab them to death???
whatever about the Gay Byrne voiceover  shame on Eason's for running Christmas ads in early November!..
I've had a lot in the last year.
:( PS3's are fantastic devices. Kicks XBOX's ass :D
retard?
there's nothing better than listening to music on shuffle and hearing you say  you bitch!  randomly in the middle of it.
OMG! That sucks; hope you're ok!
i couldnt agree more. HATE sandra lee!
What do you know about the.illumanati
im his wife :)
Don't freeze your ass off for me. Stay warm and toasty and mail them whenever.
The last song you listened to?
Bey going to get her ass whipped!
wow that sucks! well i wish you luck with all that :) i am going to crash so have a good night ok and stay warm.its freezing here
Arrrgghhh! I hate him!
Do you conform or make your own path?
oh my god thank you. I HATE IT HERE IN CALI! Though  you should wait till it gets hot. Then it sucks MORE. lol
I just giggled out loud because my dyslexic ass just read  My fluffy ass was rubbing off 
oh no  I always try to make my desk look neat. Fail whale. There are always newspapers piling up  cables are worse!
Favorite male comedian?
well hot damn my wish came true! Where the hell have I been? I had no idea!
damn  is economy hitting you that bad?
Yep  it's blocking the absurd hate ur preparing to throw my way in 5....4...3.....2......1
yeah..very!  I haven't done anything last night bcoz of that! I hate challenges...cant sleep if I turn one down.
How come sheep don't shrink when it rains?
omg that fat dude should not be in leotards idk they made them that big lmao
Whats with all these random ass questions 
Yea it sucks!!
 Agreed  snow is fine  ice sucks (well  and all the silly drivers on the road) :)
ok this is tatum krista's friend this is her profile thing and i wanted to go on hers cuz she told me she had ?s on herer she didnt answer cuz there stupid and i wanted t oread them so i did but she told me about you and she is not obsesed with you
Wow  that's bad-ass. You're like Stanley now. Well  even more so...
I didn't know you were an avid football watcher. Is that even football? I think it is. Fuck sports.
So who is it that you like?
if you and jaybee got married and have kids i actually think  the kids would be cute. just saying.
I do bird watch actually
do you like atlanta  GA 
yes. sacto cali- driving back to palo alto later tonite. eventually i'll get off my ass n shoot.
Sean Stouffer lol VVV lol jk naw it wasn't me
i dont want to date marry anyone
I was trying 2 use it the other day also  had the hardest time. I said fuck it &just called the person. It wasn't working.
Compared to Eeyore and that stupid bear and that demented pig? I think hes fine.
damn we got BWNT  where you headed tonight?
I like winamp  but video support sucks. I have media player classic installed but don't like it. Gom works great for video.
wow r u serious? damn did that period of time skip over you? lol
Fuck off naturally as opposed to artificially?
writing is a BITCH. re-read one of my drafts- new meaning to humiliation-play. now to hump my metal-bristled hairbrush until O.
queensland.
sucks for you
And why would you fight for her   jst asken
lmao naw...dats elementary daysz
nahh
If you had your own talk show  who would your first three guests be?
sure i guess.....................great question lol :D
I hate the fucking CTA. Fuckin' idiots.
ur a damn fool lmao
If the universe is everything  and scientists say that the universe is expanding  what do you think it is expanding into?
why do you hate activesync?
hmm so thats suk your soul hate and reinvent you to get my dry cleaning hate?
LIKE HOW U SAY WHAT THE FUCK AND CLEAN IT UP WITH HECK LOL
Ooh  You mean Whooty's   Wht grls w/ bootys  LOL! my lil bro put me on to that corny ass saying.
get out of my fucking brain!  I am not yours!
if you tweet about that damn song one more time.... And its on the Scion double disc promo cd
if anyone said Arial I'm gonna beat their ass.
Well perhaps banks are too fat in how they do business. I dont know that it's true but many businesses are too fat
damn!! *goes off to call God*
which keyboard do u hate? I hate iPhone keyboard. Yes touchscreen is cool but I WISH I had actual buttons 2 push! Less typo's
SHUT THE FUCK UP BEFORE I PUT A HAMSTER UP YOUR ASS!!
oh lots.  lots and lots.  although in MI sometimes you might need the whale blubber for the cold.
who'd you piss off? oh...wait...that's a ridiculous question.
Male Chauvinist Pig. :P
brah u noe britteny french bi-sexual she said she not do u believe her?
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
ok got urz...hmmm mayb I just don't have good service here...damn Hawaii's bad infrastructure!
aww  that soo sucks D:
Indeed. But the Collier conversation relationship head up your gleeful ass kumbaya stuff needs to be put out with the trash.
But now I really want one  damn you! i hadn't even realised I NEEDED one til you told me they existed!
 re: Conservative Leader of Manitoba  glad to know you remained polite  civil.  Did you tell him   is a dick?
what a coincidence! I'm wearing my fat jeans today and it felt like they were my skinny jeans!
this pastor is a homophobic racist person who compares gay people to pedophiles. THIS IS NOT THE 1900S
DAMN. I just lost too. Thanks Alyssa. And I decided that PATD's new CD isn't so bad.
oh guess who got an australian shephard puppy today. note: NOT ME. the other roommate. yeah. another. fucking. dog.
not really when i first meet them
gotta hate that shit
Whatever... I just hate how the popularity of bands seems to inversely affect how much people are allowed to like them
fuck you  man. you can pick on garden state  but leave pushing daisies alone.
Ummm...was that our little brother's ass? And you dare judge me?
man! and you're texting while driving? haha crazy! damn you're lucky. i wish my parents would let me go! 30% chance i'm going
UR a Chicken Cyber Punk! When a French Man came to kick your Ass  U put your Hands in your pockets and Cry like a Pussy! LMAO
Aww. Thanks dear. And I hate my gradeschool friends for ditching me. They forgot about me when we are suppose to be at her wake.=(
Damn. Oh well  I can't raise my hand for every question. ;-)
Done. I've had my ass kicked by a duck before. Not an experience I want to replicate.
Be my pen pal?? :)
How tall are you?
idk
it's cos we're old now. sucks.
    damn right.  Someone needs to drive me around when I visit!  My vote is for a convertible 89 Mustang lol.
hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahaahahhahaahhahahaahahahaaaaaa!!!!!!!!
Learn how to spell? Learn how to tell apart a typo from a spelling error.   And learn how to be a proper fake.
I would only fuck you if I was drunk... lulz.
DM. damn.
my job has made me feel like a tool so i am trying to change how i consume things. fucking cvs.
Personally  I was just thinking Fuck Chase Bank. There are no good ones. They're all snakes.
damn missing coffeeclub again. And this time really could have used a coffee ;-)
It's sucks..lol  cause any other time I'd be fine with 1 meal  but because I cant have none  it's driving me nuts..lol
Have you ever hit one of your parents?
 i wasn't on Twitter yesterday  so a belated  for fuck's sake  from me  man  what an unbelievable shitter. :-(
This bad gay works for a company that likes to write people up for sneezing.
Some liberal gay atheists or Republican fund raisers should jump on that. ;)
i feel pretty oh so pretty...i feel pretty and witty and gAY! Ha ha good times
damn i was hoping for some cash out of this... how bout 5 for pain and suffering lol
so you wont? lol you forgot the ending. it goes like this i would if i could  but i cant  so i wont <3
lol!!!!  I used to be the wknd assignment editor and would get mail addressed to  Weekend Ass  I didn't know how to feel.
  damn ... well then it was definitely worth a second mention. Sure looks good!
..be invisible and punch mean people in the back of the head...
That sucks...don't people have anything better to do...so sorry this happened to you.
no kidding I'd hate to get my Hurricane watered down w snow as I go from bar to bar.
katrinaneufeld Does a French whore smell better or worse than ur down home Blackstone variety?
totally loved Odo. But the Ferengi make my skin crawl. out of all the species  they're the ones i hate the most. yuck!
Isn't that the evil show about the witch and her husband and the large group of gnomes?  (I hate watching TV at my sister's.)
His ass does have shrines all over the southland.
a frienf of mine did the mud run. Said it was a bitch showering. lol
so do i! especially rocket. I hate celery though
Why do you kombat when I have to leave the computer!! DAMN YOU!!!
~ wholeheartedly agree that NYE music entertainment sucks!
apologizing for overactive hormones SUCKS.
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Have you cum into possession of this book? I've heard of it.
i would hate that too. :(
any workplace where that isn't safe needs to harden the fuck up :p
when is ur birthday?
Well that sucks.
OMG where? that sucks!!
so  when he laughs  comes down the chimney  does he say   Whore! Whore! Whore!  and shake like a bowl full of jelly???
you're a fucking maniac.
lol i knew wat u were talking about i say that to anyone that ask lol and no =]
church camp once. it was fun but we got kicked out.
who wass yhur valentinee ??
Ooof  too much effort  where's all the open source kung fu magic giving me a sweet ass browser?  Firefox? More like FireFAIL.
ohkay wht if shee didntt have an ass  butt she whud kuute   yall was feelin eachothuh .?
YOU? FAT? R U SERIOUS?!? Remind me to slap U when I c U Saturday  mkay?
It is totally rad  I assure you. But being a loser with no life outside the internet  few people ought to see you in it. ^__^
what a loser. :P
what's gay about a sausage squirting at you?
 hahaha .. you're silly! but dayum it's 10:22AM and i'm still kinda limping from my hip hurting THAT badly .. it sucks!
last nights Top Gear had V8 powered rocking chair  Fail. And Jeremy is gay.
Not to my knowledge.
  damn I wish I was watching elf. Instead I'm watching drunks on the dance floor
What's your worst habit?
BTW  when are you going to let Alice eat more than a fucking strawberry?
you're so fucking dreamy
Damn. Oh well  I can't raise my hand for every question. ;-)
gay + high on crack + Razor sharp vagina? sounds like   to me
How do you pass time while traveling in the car for a long amount of time?
might install now that you've acted as my guinea pig :D
I love fear factor!!!! btw..and i would rather do the cow intestine.
ha not that creepy. because it's week 10 and I'm fucking stressed out as hell. I wish I could take a trip down there x.x
Goes for lawyers  too!   This is why they hate us  we're only as good as our worst. 
i have no idea. but its prolly because of where our priorities lay.... compared to the others that dont think. where are theirs?
don't get too fat or you'll turn into a boomer
 It was not fun
i hate you! i want to be in bed :(
Hey  don't hate on NC.  They got bought out by PNC and alot of people are losing their jobs.  Cleveland has a sad face...
Avocado is my FAVOURITE 'good fat'. Hahaha... I'm afraid I indulged 2day and had my avocado w homemade cheese nachos  black olives.
that's kinda dick-ish
sure will
thats looks damn good bradda
H-A-T-E HATE HATE HATE! But why? Two game losing streak?
haha nosy :) I get it quickwitted  cute too damn somebody come take me off the markets!
She is as dirty as they come  and that crook Rengel  the Dems are so fucking corrupt it's a joke. Make Republicans look like  ...
I have no idea haha maybe fly so then like it doesnt matter what happens to the world i'd be safe coz i could fly away right?
Dr. Johnson says have some Gatorade after a soak. I hate the taste of the stuff but it will replenish your electrolytes.
Hate Wall-E? Your girlfriend has no soul. EAT HER.
Yes! All of those twitters were directed at Frank Miller and his horrible screen play! DAMN YOU FRANK MILLER ILL KEEL YOU!
Hopefully  I'll be able to get the damn things on- he's ferocious when cornered  hungry  or just feeling rascally...
They say I have the best ass this side of fourteenth street.
with candles and a few good friends and family :]
Yvonne that's a french ass name Yvonne.  My little cwasont 
JET!!(: Hate boats! Worst experience ever was on a boat! Never again!
i agree with myself =]
ashlee 13 florida 7th
Would you rather swim in a pool or the ocean?
do you want to switch places with a male?
it's good to have Dick Clark on TV. It may be some people's first or only interaction with someone who has had a stroke.
oh guess who got an australian shephard puppy today. note: NOT ME. the other roommate. yeah. another. fucking. dog.
Never.
If I drank coffee  today would be a treat day. Something sweet and full of fat. Carmel  hazelnut  white chocolate.  
Who are your Twitter besties?
sounds great  what time should I be there? Oh  I hate garlic  can u leave it off my broccoli? Kthxbai 
yeah  im pissed. liek my body is tired  but my brain isnt  or is it the other way around? fuck idk anymore
thats why I hate megavideo.  I'll see if I can get someone to update the episodes with an offshore video hoster.
no lol my sister. but that's different
that sucks big time.
ugh! Im gonna head back to Dick's Sporting Goods to check out stuff and might try Sports Chalet they are running a lot of ads
$10 for water is better than the throat fucking i got for free the last time i was there.
Not that I know of?
Tommy blows cock! lol
MAKE A FUCKING VIDEO DAMNIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And have the best time ever on the Teacup Ride ^_^
hola! Orli ... we are www.LuckyStartups.com looking to interview some kick ass peeps in Israel... you up to it?
NOOO EP!!!! That really sucks! You should hve jst waited in the car...lol!!! Hopefully it;s dark in there  no one looks dow ...
damn iPhone keyboard. I find it astonishing that even in this era of social networking you can still be alone on a crowd
Damn  i'm back at home... that not good... That was the last step before the return to the normal life... :|
thankyou.
You are such a faggot for going to EDC god damn it. Almost as much of a bitch as Thad  but no where near Zach at least.
if I ever fall alseep with them on  I wake up with the off. Hate them.
lol...hell naw...its the fine ass one!
Just had a big ass waffle breakfast and am catching up on games from 08
i forgot 2 call in gay 2day too! blast!
Have you tried  Out of Africa?  Fun S. African food in Sugar Land. Location sucks...check it out before it's gone.
freak yeah  i do
Okay I am done for right now. I can smell brains frying all the way from here. Ask me stuff? <3 Thank you.
yess its very unfortunate :)
haha I always say that! Girl or not  I too can rock out with my cock out! Hah
unnecessary.  pain in the ass.  too much effort.
Ummm...was that our little brother's ass? And you dare judge me?
Who's the most beautiful person you know?
Do you own any game consoles?
no im definately a bigger nerd than you.
hi!
Legos.
*gasps* he hasnt done it so there for he is not a whore.
 hahaha .. you're silly! but dayum it's 10:22AM and i'm still kinda limping from my hip hurting THAT badly .. it sucks!
30in is only cool when referencing an Apple cinema display /nerd
what is this dick suck moment? lol. HAPPY NEW YEAR
interesting.
Jealous. Want. (But getting to places sucks so bad right now.)
well clearly the shoe purchase is more impressive  because ITS A FUCKING SHOE!!!
gay + high on crack + Razor sharp vagina? sounds like   to me
yea
I HATE my white trash christmas outfit its terrible i look terrible and fat in it.  I dont know if i can do it.
marital arts haha
LOOK   UR TEXTS OR I'M GONNA FREAK OUT   U!!!
o so the rumors are true i am OBESE! yea fat!
YOU STUPID WHORE I HOPE YOU ARE IN YOUR HOUSE WHEN I BURN DOWN YOUR HOUSE YOU STUPID WHORE WHY WOULDN'T YOU GO TO PROM WITH ME
are you able to act like yourself around other people with your girlfriend
nerd!
what did you do last night?
Thai sucks too many peanuts
:D touche! rockstars   rockstartups. hehe best of luck wit the 2 boys throwing ideas.damn wish i was there! :(
because like everything you do  its ASS Backwards !!!!
Stop stealing my man ):
That's a damn shame  because they don't do veggie burgers. :)
Olivia you dick! I have your phone and your wallet!
Now that's a sell   it kinda sucks actually 
not too bad usually
You are a Linux whore!
I gained this week too  I hate it b/c I knew it before I went in  and held my accountability and wi. It makes me determined
damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaff(house) then
So baby don't worryr You are my onlyr You won't be lonelyr Even if the sky is falling downr You'll be my onlyr No need to worryr Baby are you down? r Down  downr Baby are you down? r Down  downr Even if the sky is falling down
Lol haha how cute is tht? Juss keedingg(:
Now that's a sell   it kinda sucks actually 
Cool. I live in Seattle where the wind pretty much sucks (it's like San Diego  but Northier). So  I usually go to Hawaii 4 my fix
are you just acting like a dick now?
that's happened to me twice in the past 4 months. Pain in the ass. Much.
...i love my job and would hate to miss it...I'm depended upon and especially this week I'm needed for our toddlers parties
I'M THE JUGGERNAUT  BITCH!
Uhm.I would make it her night and she would get to go anywhere she wanted to go(:
wow! You're a real cunt!
I guess with a  Don't Buy  Updates soon  rating  I better wait. Damn!
it was a good show...dude!  Did you call in gay  rotfl
I hate you so much you stupid New York... douche. bagel.
your mom sucks  BITACH!
repeat question
i hate that so much
damn. you're taking off tomorrow? you must be sad to leave. sounds like a pretty busy week and a half tho  you hardly twittered!
Ugh. Probably the same brain-deficient retard who stole my name on Youtube  Gaia  and all the faggy sites. How old is she?
you text me? haha
I really wanna take you downn ;]  It's a song!  lmfaoo 
I hate those fucking hash tags.
more than ever
  I hate you both.
oh ok it's the dick-in-a-box guys  that explains the timberlake appearance
your beautiful  and it seems like all the rude comments you get  is all from one person. dont listen to them everyone knows you are the sweetest girl ever and cold never be mean
I hate it when that happens!  Forgeting badge.
Did you believe in the tooth fairy?
fuck yeah!!
Can you sometimes finish someone else's sentence?
dude no offence you're awesome but currently I think I hate you. :0)
lol fuck it 
Yeah  and T-Mobile Germany offers unlimited Worldwide calling to other T-Mobile phones. USA only offers Nationwide. Sucks.
to live on a deserted island with friends and family away from the world. money. selfishness. mean people. traffic. cliques. bad influences. annoying laws. limitations and live off of the land like an indian :) haha
God Damn !! Ok ... How about Peter Duncan then 
what your fave colour?
thats the only set back  and its a bitch to send ish back
DUDE  ARE YOU SERIOUS YOUR SO STUPIDDDD >.> STFU!:) and btw  if your tired of people talking shit on your form spring  delete this accountt >.> and be yourself  are you that bad?
THAT GUY IS A FUCKING BEAST!!!!1!!!!1!11!!11!!!! the next Neal Peart.
do you put on make up everyday?
damn.. maybe ur next twitmance will be whole ass..
damn man kobaa e ??? :O
idk i dont do starbucks
damn your Jedi mind tricks!
Oh no. I hate that!
Hi new friend! I like your personality.super cool:) Yeah I forgot it is like 9 am there..that sucks!
:)))
Oh a fellow spelling freak!I can't stand looking at a wrongly spelled word.Haha one of my many quirks.
That sucks  at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
Hopefully  I'll be able to get the damn things on- he's ferocious when cornered  hungry  or just feeling rascally...
#NAME?
 damn you and your constant banoffee pie mentions!! Very tempting LOL
You know all about some interpretive gay dancing.
I'll hang tight and see how Jan Taco Night goes (is it possible for it to not completely kick ass?)
I lovee you too mamszz(; LOl
oh my god.... XD sucks for you Talei
btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
LOLI hate 'em too. I try to eat clean now and get all of what i can from lean meats. For you I know is a different case. Protein bars?
You can stop voting now. Holy fuck. If only McCain had you on his side  and you were 18.
You make me look extremly lazy and fat. haha.
Who wantss to knoww 
Do you get distracted easily?
im a HUGE perv 
dayumm stupid fuckin cunts stop talking your shit get a fuckin life go suck your moms dick and chock on it dayumm lil pussys take it of anonamis or watever -stephanie iloveyou alexis :)
let me know if you want a co-pilot tonight to keep your ass awake!
Yeh  but every nerd like to think he/she is devastatingly good-looking  as revenge on those who snubbed them. Trust me  I kno
that sucks!
Egypt :)
Have you ever taken dance lessons?
  You guys are in the same fucking house and using twitter to talk.
DAMN!!!!! That could take a while!......I don't think any of my groupie's would confess anything. Okay  maybe ONE! Lol
:) if she is a dumb hoe why'd he put his cock in her?
Bright room or dark room?
Yah  you'd think I'd lose some FAT doing' all this shovelin'. But I guess eating brownies when I'm done negates something! Hah
yup. have one
A gay couple getting married in NYC isn't going to change anyone's idea about marriage. Divorce has redefined marriage.
there is a man who walks his p-b-pig in the domain wonder if they are related
ah sucks  maybe Redcliffe then  I guess it depends on what time I get up tomorrow haha
here 2!Another big storm is blowing our way. I hope it waits until I'm home from work b4 it starts snowing. Hate driving in it!
She's probably saying all kinds of phony shit and giggling like she's 13 years old. God  I hate her.
ooh im sorry my non celibate ass mourns for ur celibacy and it sorry demise my condolences 
it totally sucks!!!  i had to call the stores with the fraudulent charges  filed a police report  sign a notarized affidavit
foooooooooooooood! :D
you damn skippy..... but it would have been fun...you missed out!!
EVERYTHING 
it's not a bad coffee shop overall  just the one in the market sucks.  Slow service in a poor location for traffic.
Are you a friendly person?
my hearing aids as they help me hear the smallest things like crickets :D family as they will always be there for me:D and God  even tho ive been struggling with my faith lately i know he will help me and wouldnt give me anything i cant handle
yeah  im pissed. liek my body is tired  but my brain isnt  or is it the other way around? fuck idk anymore
old ass nigga!
positive :]
It sucks but at least my car wasn't stolen. right? haha. just trying to be optimistic here.
have you ever been on itellyouthat.com? go there and tell something to the world :D
I want to see a picture of you right before you decided to shave your head. That would kick ass  especially if you are crying.
I get your tweets on my phone and my ass was just vibrating like crazy lmao
Can he seriously help me out or are you taking the piss of him :)
fuck yeah!!
I can be both at times. I usually talk to no end. But theres always a time and a place to be social or to jjust be quite.
what song? wtf haha
I don't think gay rights groups could force churches into gay marriage  just as churches can't force gays to become straight #tcot
yes they do
Gypsy bitch!!!!!
I didn't say the question after the one about texas!! I promise! And I was just joking around......because u strongly dislike texas!!
i <3 blink.
cheesecake. hmmmm yes cheesecake. raspberry swirl cheesecake ;)
DM. damn.
Oh Shit!  I am a yoga loser. But not any other kind of loser.  I have already showed up once with no class  alas.
Do you prefer regular or chocolate milk?
Lol... damn... me too... o_O
you are stupid and ugly.
I LOVE ADTR! VvV They're my fav. I know every song by heart.
you never posted your blog. and today is guest blog day. get with the program my slut pink zebra. LOL loveee you anyway!
I think it sucks people r discussing it more w/out anyone involved being present. God forbid anyone EVER asked any of us about it.
i cant tell you that because it would give it away...but i didnt know you personally last year...
haven't the Palestinians suffered enough without having to deal with that fat fool......heh
only two.
shut ur ass up! u woulda been wondering the same thing lol. done rehearsing 4da night  planning 2knock out...right about.....now
Definantly not. Im a thrill seeker.
why doesnt tarzan have a beard?
tabi! you're hittin' on my bestttt friend! WTF. whooo cares  i love you. :)
damn i hate Ed Hardy
That's just one of many examples of Superman being a dick. 
Yes if there were another way other than relying souly on mankind.
can you help clue me in on how to connect all facebook etc? thanks for coming last nite hope you didnt hate it lol
dude that sucks!
Favve Song 
Because they are FUCKING DUMB and annoying
I love you tabi!!!!
Wait. Are you Cheyenne? I sent a request to you? Wait  why is your name Tabitha?? R u fake????
Cheetos or Fritos?
yeah i dropped by on the way home. Sucks man! But you can tell they were amateurs
wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
I am Dutch ;) Over here  there's a difference between the fat ho-ho santa and st. nicolas (sinterklaas).
and the caps sound like a wild ass demand.
i'm glad someone is teaching that 3-year-old how to  slap dat ass  :)
stop saying you hate gwen! Youposted earlier saying you love her! Ur hot then ur cold ur yes then ur nooooo
Love you too april hahaha
i am going to work on a grassroots gay rights project that will involve the communities of color.
aw that sucks!
damn bro. Next time go partying like that  holla!
biiiiiishop!  fuck u want?  yo ass punk...
One time I said  cunt  and all hell broke loose via DM. you'd think I'd called bush a genius I got so much hate mail
I hope u had a kick ass day.  Ross
Favourite movie of all time?
  haha. i love it! gay nights for all!
we used to drop big-ass M80 firecrackers into catch basins to eradicate rats.
What would your dream job look like?
Hmm..depends on if my toes are cutesied up and the outfit ;] but usually sneakers
That show sucks. It always scares you. And Boo Danny. He is a fail!
  Yall the dick hit me in the eye all the way in NC. I think Im in love with a gay man!
She says i have gubgivits? teeth thingies and she stole more blood. every six months with the blood stealing it sucks.
are you off bitch? I want BM it's my best friend! Damn it....hey don't forget FullMoon Getogether tonight
If you were a monster  what monster would you be?
U gave me ur insomnia Im drinkin mountain dew and blastin 50cent  I've lost my damn mind.
I crack up just thinking of that! Can you see that Mom on the other end of the phone? TOO DAMN FUNNY!
are you able to act like yourself around other people with your girlfriend
 Dude  you're gonna hate me! Here... more T-shirts for da T-shirt lovers      
Damn! That gets rid of the badge but the name still stays! Oh well  thanks for the tip!
I'm celebrating and drinking to the fact you're an annoying fuck :)
spam
i hate you.
I do bird watch actually
i'm bored can you tell me something funny? lool
Me and Xentury discussed this. If you just got out of a house with a killer and you turn around to see a kid still stuck in the house  do you go back?
Haha no  I mean that I love the money  my coworkers  but hate how much time the jobs take up. It is fun to hate them though.
You've finally made it obviously  only the cool kids get hate mail
 damn you and your constant banoffee pie mentions!! Very tempting LOL
yes  you remember me trying to keep *MY* lashes on for the awards this year- never fucking wearing those damn things AGAIN
 you can trust me to do my part to help   win his  biggest loser  contest.  ;)
where would you most like to live?
I fucking love Haunted.
Sure
Im not a loserrr xD and damn people are nasty  they should learn how to speak properly to a beautiful young lady such as yourself <3
FUCKING ELLAS A RETARDED CUNT ALOT OF PEOPLE COULD DO A BETETER JOB THEN HERE SHES RACIST AGAINST BLACKS
please don't make me explain every time I say something to piss you off. You fall for it every time.
san diego  we will be in la in february  is this a destination that you would enjoy? Your cock will feel awesome!
aww  I knoow  I hate that! :-P
I know Ripley lives  I don't think the others do. Sucks to be them!
I hate my life haha
dick van dyke is way cooler too.
I send you a hug ma. That sucks! 08 was full of some fuck shit  I'll say that.
nice voicemail... i didn't enjoy it cuz i am a bitch.
He's passed out in my bathtub. Only way I could restrain him: knocking his ass out and leaving him in the dark. :1
Intriguing.
have a safe flight.....damn now you make me want some jamba juice
FUCK YEAH!
I hate them. I eat them for dessert. I will keep following you. I believe in your cause
whos fucking who?
Hate to admit this but I'm a basket case at the end of  Edward  I'm tearing up just thinking about it.
Sounds like good times. I'm in the office until 7:00 and then I'll probably go for a run. I'm a fat boy getting fatter.
dead ass lol
YOUR MOM SUCKS ASS. Don't be such a douche. It's obviously not done. I'll add the fucking parm when the noodles are done.
If you were given $100  would you spend it  or save it?
Do you get along better with the same or opposite sex?
I think it also helps for you to *Feel* full this way   stay away from carbs. Carbs--Sugar --- Fat... Stay away from b4 bed
got it .. and I have read that! Gonna re-read tho..Im stuck and have been for a while..sucks! Thx for help--love ur stuff.
Hi my name is Andrew and I want to fuck your brains out you hoe
HAHAHAHAHA that was finally. really tho I hate you.
i hope not Tara! sucks someone would do that.
lol ya nigka
hello.
Do you have a boyfran?
you're a nerd fail
 trying to remember the on-shore fields from late 90's  Bu Hasa  Habshan  damn! cannot remember the rest  good times!
Visited your site and love what you stand for  lots of people share the love of the biz and hate the way it's been abused
How many times were you on the phone to someone today?
damn we got BWNT  where you headed tonight?
i hate school =(
never say never. Maybe he isn't a jerk like that loser lol
 No it is not. Ass!
yeah except i'd be scare it'd eat my face off.
yeah  its seems like most of the time unexplained highs are related to a bad site or fat delays
women are fucking disgusting.
I still think you should be prouder of the  Fuck fuck fuck!  but  Rock!  is pretty good. When will you be teaching her  FUCK YEAH 
do you think you could make it in the woods with just camping supplys for a week? {no cellphone.)
 See  I had to google   cloved lemon SCA   to figure that out.
How do you feel about your hair right now?
Spam for Spam? :)
crude?
I knw!!!!!  I hate that! D:
I'm 1/2 with that  as a Realtor  my other 7/8ths would like 2 C stimulus 4 the housing market.  Damn'd if you do  Damn'd...
Yeah. I let them know. Surprisingly it was easy to find creepy pics of Bob and Gerard. The sig sucks  but gets the point across.
Haha. Cool. Just sucks that we have to wait so long for season 2.
bitch was craaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzy!
xdfcvghjkl
Fat Boys have a new song?!
A loud shakin' dancing singin toy thats really colorful and makes little ones learn lots of stuff!! :]
...because you added me  numbnuts. (Also: be warned. Facebook chat + my connection  daniel's computer  Fail Whale)
serious? your so lucky
:( PS3's are fantastic devices. Kicks XBOX's ass :D
nahhh.
If you could bring one character to life from your favorite book  who would it be?
id rather use it and get it over with online lest I have to call and deal with aural ass fuck that is a utility co's cust svc
unless you don't give a rat's ass if she catches you.  or if you even HOPE she catches you.  or if you're in the bathroom...
Dependss 
ummm MRH? nope lol
FUCK.
Game Junkie. I still want to play with you someday. I wish I knew some good games ):  /deadpoor You'd probably kick my ass  though.
You're going to find a woman and tease her to make her have to cum silently at work?
I'm the total opposite. I rather gift bag  they can be reused! lol Hate to see the pretty wrapping paper being thrown away. :P
damn straight :)
2 Spare ass annie tracks in 2 podcasts! What a joy ;) + I love Sufjan Stevens so was great to hear one of the Xmas tracks nice one
Why do you kombat when I have to leave the computer!! DAMN YOU!!!
omg that so fucking sucks
when they hate  sneak diss. that means you are doing TOO much. Asvice: fcuk em  keep goin.
oooo thats not fun! i hate those things  the orthodontics people are mean to me!
want me to cut a bitch for ya?
Fuck  amen to that
have you ever wrote a love song?
That sucks  at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
then by all means  bitch away! haha.
 hahaha .. you're silly! but dayum it's 10:22AM and i'm still kinda limping from my hip hurting THAT badly .. it sucks!
--well...i had to pee...and my stupid ass lifted the seat with the same hand i was holdin the phone in...then...PLOOP!!!
LOL at the Razor Ramon shit. I surely was gonna Ultimate Warrior his ass. Shaking the ropes and the whole 9!
  I HATE THAT...
Who on Earth (besides the subscribers that are ankle deep up your ass) call it that?
do you no about the muffen man??r
Do you have any magazine subscriptions?
can you help clue me in on how to connect all facebook etc? thanks for coming last nite hope you didnt hate it lol
Damn dude... That's why my window just broke! The EOD are on their way man! ;-)
Hmmmm
Did you add a contact with swear words? Does that make it so it doesn't autocorrect  fucking  to  ducking? 
wait until you have a final cut on your documentary before the sex change.  You don't want to fuck up continuity.
LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
I went mac in 12/2006 and now have 3 (selling 2  buying 1 more .. so net 2 by Jan I hope). I LOVE my macs and HATE my work PC :)
What shall we call this gang? Initiation rights must begin with downing a Fail Whale.
No it just got a little juvenile for me. And I hate Edward...which is a problem if you want to like Twilight.
i hate coffee...love the smell...but not the taste...i can only stomach it if it has LOTS of cream in it
    damn all of you for constantly talking about STARBUCKS!!!!  now I really want some...  =(((((((
me too!!! I also hate closing then opening then closing shifts that gets me all out of wack.
what does teaachgee mean? do you know what emahsnouoy mean? :]
lol  they did adverts for it in the middle of the afternoon and I imagined kids going 'mummy  what's a whore?'
I'm 19 mins and 13 secs away from molly wopping her ass!
ohio
Being able to control other peoples thoughts. hahahha
and yes.  true life  i have tourettes  is genius.  so is  i went to fat camp   lmaooooooo
damn u and ur single malt all i got is a blend :(
Great! I wonder if I can figure out a way to set up papal on my blog to accept payment for GS cookies...other moms will freak!
Nose? Newspaper? Net? Nerd? Neck? (Am I making you cringe yet? No? Hmmm  must not have the right word... ;-) 
the only thing I hate about Nikon is the dumb Ashton Kutcher ads they run.
FIRE HIM!!!!!!  lol lame ass mofo....
i mean damn don can you get back to ya own brother?!?!?
fuck outta here  for reals?
Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
If you know that down the road there was a business that dismembered baby boys and girls each week would you do something to stop it from continuing? And would you be a bad person if you didn't try to stop it?
What was the last fight you got into?
umm a homeless guys with blackberry haha
Srsly  I hate it.
that sucks that you're sick. Sorry to hear that.
damn. Well its ok. Just go saturday to the echoplex. Ur going to that right?
No because then u will know who this is.
tell mi wat ya want mi tew do nd iWill work it out
Tell them you want YouTube to quit fucking with things that no one wants fucked with.
wow that sucks! well i wish you luck with all that :) i am going to crash so have a good night ok and stay warm.its freezing here
pig 100% pig
 There there *hugs* Nobody sucks in relationship. Maybe it's about timing and the people :) It's OK.
No  Joe. I am not gay. This is the 3rd time you've asked. Still straight. Not really the kind of thing that changes wk to wk
Bra or Braless?
you fart like a fucking bass drum lol
If you could ask George W. Bush one question what would it be?
nopee
That last twit was supposed to be   at you  but I did it wrong. Anyway  I still love you even if you hate Ta-Dah. Srsly.
Really?!?! Thanks?! haha
heyyyyyy!!! how u doin!!!!!
If you could go on vacation for the next month with an unlimited budget  where would you go?
that's a shame  I hate having to unfollow someone! :-P
And you didn't even make it a dick joke? I feel like I don't know you.
fuck you shane lol
Nerd alert!
#firstcar was a 1979 rust colored  small Subaru station wagon. It was a PoS but had 4WD  a bad ass kicker speaker in the back
wow emo... Ik ben benieuwd...
Where would you be able to spend hours and be happy?
that sucks  I know he was looking forward to that hook up...
LOOOOOOL HATE!!!!!!
#NAME?
whwhwhwhoa just slow down. huh!? what do you mean they blew up the death star? f*****ck! F*ck! F*ck! F*ck! F*ck! F*ck! whos they? what the hell is an aluminum falcon
BWahahahahah!!! Now you know why I had to take extensions on my damn documentation projects!! Stupid Twitter! *kicks his gf's pc*
  Hey  thanks~ I missed you too! I didn't get ANY cock* in my face for New Year's.  (*fvrd)
what really happened...hate I missed it. Bummer!
Yeah  and T-Mobile Germany offers unlimited Worldwide calling to other T-Mobile phones. USA only offers Nationwide. Sucks.
GET your fucking act together! Can't you see what a waste you are? Look around you fucktard  the world is waiting. TICK.TOCK.
no! I think UofA's navy jerseys on white pants rule.  And all red sucks. But seeing BYUs colors  I guess all red makes sense.
The radical democrats hate this choice. So  theefore it must be good.
No other than the most recent question about if I start conversations with ppl I just met. lol weird you ask. whyy?
HAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHA LULZ      your STILL a cunt!!!!! hahahahahahahah lulz lulz lulz lulz lulz
That sucks. I was actually a guest on there! My first time on the radio.
Dude  yer rooting around making a pig roast with no power.  Who's rational?  LOL
Sheeyat....Freezing rain is no punk. Hope you didn't fall  bust your ass in the parking lot.... I almost did.
no-sign. i dont fuck with  rats 
For pussy?   because no one can keep a secret. We need to make a man pack....
women are fucking disgusting.
I responded and asked you  but yes it does vary. Some think gay marriage is immoral. I think those people are bigots.
sorry for your billing probs--i totally hate those sort of messes...good luck!
another downside to living in DSM but working in Indianola:  lunch meetups are usually not possible. :( damn isolation!!!
I wonder if there are any sparkling vampires in the vincinity. XD OH EDWARD!!! (I really hate Twilight  lol.)
sounds like it sucks i sorry
haha cunt.
Lookkk meahh upp! (: ALEXIS NICOLE HODNETT<3
heh and then u yell  HOLY SHIT IM FAT 
I nearly ran over a prostitute once with my car.(True story.) What's the craziest thing you've nearly hit?
dont talk to rubinathy15 she is stupid
telling someone that you dont love them back. ive had to do it and it is so tough to say.
But I say I'll be back gotta get some more coronas!!!! bahaha jk my favorite drink is dr. pepper :D
I remember trying one of those when my teen was a little one.  Those damn tents make u wanna commit murder!
idk
ugh that sucks! I couldn't imagine if that happened to my DVR!
Hmmm. he's an 
fuck continental!!! Though the prop plane was actually nice!!!
Damn  just realized you're moving here to Boston to work for Harmonix (rock on  and congrats!)
DITTO! I got your Christmas present yesterday  I think you will like it. (duh; like i would get it if i thought you'd hate it?)
what is nature tripping? like hiking??
You're on. I hate year end  popular   Best Of   In Review  stuff.
HI BEST FUCKING FRIEND!! REPLY ME JAJA  I LOVE YOU MOTHERFUCKER!!! MUA!! OR CK4U!
the second one. i can never concentrate. ever. haha
dude...if u didnt tell me how 2 do this fucking thing(twittr) i wud prob still b lyk nowhere with it!
everything
fuck you haha
dui.
Trick or the mind or trick of the eye?
I like the verses to the song....just not that lame ass auto tuning nigga on the hook
Who was your first celebrity crush?
Haha I know huh(: lol jealous bitches
  and  @asthepumpturns. Yeah  I am a mean mean person. Horribly judgemental towards one specific victim. Poor guy. Retard.
I'm good for a lot more than some damn pie but that's another conversation lol
    Sucks for me everytime..  Every single time.. and today the most.. :'(
You've got 5  of snow?  Damn.  I'm jealous.
I Havent Gotten 2 that part!! haha
Damn. I got bammed. Wonder how many   reads.
fuck you op
whos that lady in the b
Damn............I guess he has a life :(   hahahahahha
If you're hard at work or just leisurely reading  you're not a poser.
yes
hotel town whore is in the bed riding ol boy that treated her like shit and the freaky cop walks in the room
SON OF A .... bitch! hahahahahahaha
damn  well at least I got the movie thing right  great movie huh? I love when comedic actors go serious
What the Fuck? Did I die? #6wordepitaph
Yes actually i finally did. with timothy 
Damn. Oh well  I can't raise my hand for every question. ;-)
ExpLOrE tHe WOrlD   :D
bitch ass hot sounds pretty crappy.
What's the last furry thing you touched?
u in a good mood souljaboy why u in a good mood oh n i luv ur new song 'damn  like it hit   me bac
 - ass bumped the  What the heck is Unsanity doing? -thread from march...
after I kept getting caught I just said fuck it  lifes too short and I wanna sing off key fools!
lmao damn right but we aint talkin bout me here
haha okayyy the only one about six flags was with me and nicky  name another :)
Fuck that  boo the DJs who don't play Che..Dude has at least 5 songs every DJ should be playin HEAVILY...DJs need to stop slackin.
Finally made it out.I hate being a procrastinator.
damn we got BWNT  where you headed tonight?
oic but what do you want sir? Did I get you a book on conspiracies and shit already? Yes I did hmmmm fuck thinks
might install now that you've acted as my guinea pig :D
Especially the gay cowboys. Ha ha.
yuck... that is going to take a long ass time...
but you know what i hate  the comments that are anonymous that i can't figure out who they are.
hahahhaha I hate that!
Damn that sounds good.  I love hush puppies!
hmmm....or do they hate you because you didn't let them join in the parranda? Nah  probably the corp council thing
DAMN tootin'? Seriously? I've heard DARN tootin' and even DERN tootin'  but not DAMN tootin'! you kicked it up a notch.
been here more then a hour just to get my vegas shit back damn slow service shiat
If you could be a star athlete in any sport  which sport would you pick?
do they die after a week :(
thx for the well wishes lisa! i hate taking meds  so i'm all for fast healing:)
god damn =/ i remember when i was a pateint gg it sucked so bad i didint get any pain killers dumbasss nurses their omfg...
Jac...bahahaha
God.
Heores Season 2 sucked! Full of emo shit!
If you were a toy  what toy would you be?
be careful! Hood pigeons don't give a FUCK and pack heat! I've been robbed by them on countless occasions!
  fuck yes to both of you.  3
damn your fat  you even got a turkey as your profile pic for good measure....
 Do you HATE Cleo!?  Let her win for once  you're breaking my heart!  ;)
well damn we should have had a tweet up. I was at Kona last night as well.
I haven't seen the movie but I read the book and sobbed. But I already know I'm a nerd.
i'd love to visit (or live) in san diego cause of yr round warm weather. i hate cold so bad. crowds n traf would b my probs there
You fucking rock =)
Done. I've had my ass kicked by a duck before. Not an experience I want to replicate.
I hate  Rag and Bone  so much.
And the fat crow has left the nest; repeat  the fat crow has left the nest.
:D nada
i hope so that way i can fuck him over continuously.
my bleeping employment agency f***ed up my pay *again*. Didn't come on 24 Dec. Now have to wait until 2 Jan. I hate temping
Yep  it's blocking the absurd hate ur preparing to throw my way in 5....4...3.....2......1
yes walks to raise money for cancer patients and I volunteer for adopt a highway! Gotta care about our mother earth :)
damn right it should be  horrible stuff YUK!
Answer your questions biatchh!! :L
it's the damn music  ugh  terrible!
i hate hate hate being snowed in! (how's that for a sum up?)
haha no I'm just trying to fuck with him
Do you wish you were more fit?
How many hours of sleep do you need to function?
I hate it  just want to start trouble
How would you talk someone out of suicide?
Dude Nishana told me she has a crush on you.
I dont much like bitch either.
When you have a dream  is it like one long story that keeps continuing  or is it choppy (at first you're in one place  then you're in another)?
coronas! <3 so beer would be the answer :D
i hate you :P happy birthday dude  good to know your enjoying it
What's your worst habit?
did we have any classes together this year?
Well idk who youu are  So ..hha im afraid of strangerrrs.
Drina.!(: i knoo huh they juss love me<3
Do you have any obsessions?
Beatles :]
besides Fat Mike i dunno... does Amy Winehouse's refusal to go to rehab count? no no no?
Good John John(:
 midget w/a hookhand hangin off your collar  IM FUCKING DEAD. BURY ME. D-E-A-D DEAD.
dont hate too hard!  it hasn't been very warm here lately!
hotel town whore is in the bed riding ol boy that treated her like shit and the freaky cop walks in the room
Two.
I think u left your manhood downstairs with your testicles. PUSSY!
Damn Jim idk what to say:/ Sorry man.
Ok..ok I c u! Take it back on they ass why don't ya.. That sounds super CUTE!
a nigga still sore as hell.... fuck the gym lol.... ima go and work that shit out today tho...
kkkkk
haha nah he didn't do anything I was talking about guys in general particularly a guy friend though and he was being a dick to  ...
that wat u get for sayin u wasn't impressed lmao. The parkin tickets a bitch though
 and btw I hate the new Pepsi logo/can. Maybe cause I didn't get one in the mail...ha j/k
sorry i missed you   Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy  I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
why do i hate DMs? so many reasons... one is: you can't send them to someone if they're aren't following you. what a pain that is! :)
No  but I'm saying that money that has gone into Gaza SHOULD be feeding people  not waging war and breding hate.
   that dude is a fucking PSYCHO. i turned down working for him and he told ppl that I DID and that i was TROUBLE.
Gah fuck off  tainting my private account with new followers. xD
damn! Putting my chocolate cake to shame.
Ugh. Half the time people pick up  Free stuff  from Craigslist they're driving a luxury car. Heh. HATE them.
Beatles :]
hey everyone im gonna start spamming again starting tomorrow...if you dont want to be spammed then inbox me ASAP
Man!!! You got out that garage hit them stairs so damn fast!!!!! lmao!!! Im like look at this nicca... lol..
That sounds like a plan. :) Kick ass  indeed. And any beat that stands the test of time is a banger  for true.
YES ROCK BAND! Only it hasn't come yet  fucking postman. Totnes was brietastic.
I love cheese cubes.
Boo  to be fair they shouldn't give away your room. Kick their ass!
damn that sounds soooo good right now  *jealous*
Do you bite your lip a lot?
You can cast any actor now alive to play you in a film about your life. Whom would you cast in the role?
Tabi. You know I like u  but I'm starting to get that u don't like me. I like you alot. Justin boy is just some crush  while I'm open right here ready to love u. Pryce
Hmm I wonderr? Maybee my babeyyboy<3
Fuck you and your family.
Oh  damn it.  I should make it more drunk-tweet friendly then.  Doesn't your twitterware allow you to just click on my face?
that's kinda dick-ish
 @maddow. where is that big gay planet? can I go there now please? someone please fucking segregate me off this rock.
No school for me
tabi what makes you think it was me?! come back to IF you know you want to
iiLooveeyouumiss you Alexiss.!!
some aerial shots of the Mitre 10 fire damn helicopters and their awesome vantage points
I thought Emo's don't  squeeee  I thought it was more of moan
art IS easy. who the fuck gives A+s?
Mine  I seem to fuck it up all the time. I'm off ~30 bucks. I'll leave it that way for 2-3 months and finally put an entry (cont)
fucking awesome  I need to play that again
That was fucking hilarious... WIN
Damn near indeed! But in the end  their youthful impetuosity gave it away. It didn't feel like SL actually won it  incredibly!
I dont think so :/
if he's upset with Brandyn's work area I'd hate to see wha he thinks of mine :P
the frontal nudity in Locked Up was integral to the plot and the prisoners' hotness. but not gay porn...ok  maybe soft gay porn LOL.
because it is fucking awesome :D
I love the fail whale too. It's so smiley!
lol penelope died?? thats so depressive  i have a compaq it sucks  i dont have a name for my computer tho  
random. because live would be boring if i weren't :) and no i wouldnt because i like how i am  every part of me :)
holy schmack that sounds goooooood. why is peanut butter so damn delicious? if they had a PBJ version  that would be my order
hmm  foohl  i said dont approve xD
ass.
Do you believe in luck?
Damn!! I was hoping you were giving me good news otherwise!
Fuck her..you're both adults x.x My mom says you're welcome to come here too. Eating at 3  prime rib!
OMG where? that sucks!!
It just sucks that so many use it as a crutch.
haha no then u will be lik o ew that guy ~_~  *runs away* lol
Also entered the contest  Whore-ay!
u in a good mood souljaboy why u in a good mood oh n i luv ur new song 'damn  like it hit   me bac
haha no gay stuff is good! cuz i tend to be attracted to females! haha jus chillen getting ready for work!
i hate this this sucks butthole im so mad im pissed i told that person not to tell
that song is so emo to me
I haven't started mine yet and don't know that it's happening. I'm a card freak  though  so probably I will send something.
That sucks ...
Merry Christmas to you too  Casey. For tomorrow. Er  or today. Grrr  damn time zones....
Do you prefer to be blissfully unaware? Or know what going on though it may hurt to know?
How do you handle your emotions when you're sad? Do you direct more anger  tears  or endless thoughts [quiet!]? Explain.
fuck em then! heh
If you ran the world...what would it be like?
aw man  that sucks!
emo!lol j/k
:] you are fake though :D  that makes no sense lolol why would you keep faking all these formsprings  your stuuupid :p we all know the real ashlee girls formspring already  soo fuck off may you?
oh ratz  I hate that. It's on Gizmodo 
well r i think i really like my friend.. :/
re: the Wu-Tang clan  do not fuck with them.
Looks like lobby card for  Ocean's 21: On the Half-Ass 
hold up nigga..u cant hate Jay-Z...might have to beat yo ass like that nigga did when that other guy said F Tupac...lmao
All of my friends are married gay  or have been burned so badly they don't want 2 even think about another relationship :o( I've
you were right  the uv filter that came with that kit sucks. freakin glare spots all over my shots
Damn straight I am!  I want to be 50ft!  I also want to play Barbarella.  I'd be much better than Rose McGowan.
I meant ready 2 fuck:) lol Hope u have something wild and freaky in mind. I'm bored :)
money. like always
my life to get back on track. ... oops i told. does that mean it wont come true?
If Fed Ex and UPS were to merge  would they call it Fed UP?
You're going to find a woman and tease her to make her have to cum silently at work?
do you use the term fuck on a stick
stay warm  Kyle. that sucks. we were lucky to get ours back today.
Pretty sure it's CO2 and H2O produces sugar  but damn that was a long time ago
so are you talking to shira or frances? its hard to keep up  playa playaa lol.
Make sure it matches. I hate furnaces that clash with the house. sainless steal or gold go with anything.
if 19north's band was an emo band  what would its name be?
your ugly.
What is the worst thing you have lived through?
you know what  fuck it I'm doing  Jew-Boy money 
Haha thanks lady. r Worst habit: giving everyone the benefit of the doubt.
why yess i do.
damn! twitpic that shizzle!
you are fucking killing me. Please come to a party at my house next time yer in LA. Rice pilaf will be ready
AHHH I HATE THAT..
really? Thank fucking god for sleeping pills!
thats fucking awesome!
Damn you for seeing the season premire over a month ago!!
thats not funny i never am damn it lol
sorry  you have no cred. Two words: pig ears
damn  won't be going to that.
Vaginaaaaaaaaa???
you're gonna get fat!
fuck  i'm nervous.
nope. :)
O. M. G. FREAK. no offense.
I am actually just wanting some company on the sleeve slog that is currently my life.  Did I mention that I hate sleeves?
i know  haha. 1408 is so gay. i don't even know why i'm watching it.
not fuckin w/ her lmmmao..Me walkin into ur party chuggin off a big ass mug shoulda beeen a sign lol
thursday. its always overlooked. ahaha
nah but i read the spook who sat by the door and im pretty sure someone used clips from that. maybe com on  the bitch in yoo 
damn  woulda been nice to see u. I was crashing someone elses party ;)
yes yes  so gay.
horrible.
My sound is being persnickety so I can't catch up on the vlog until I reboot  which I'm too damn lazy to do now. But tomorrow...
schmap published 3 photos of mine of Paris (tour de france  gay pride and Les Halles  all are on flickr.com)
wat a fag....
No....Always been happy....never quite gay...
yes i love the pillows  livejournal jrock rotations (get an lj  they're sick) and uhh fuck i dunno  twitter?? just the site
dont have one
#NAME?
Have you ever been rude to someone without even realizing it?
wow! that  is funny!  i'd be soo disgusted if anyone pulled that  on me! they'd be  bitch-slapped.
I am your most favouritest twitter person =}
damn  you travel a lot! see you on monday at your hols party!
ARGH!  I hate that too!
Damn fatboy... take it easy
  You crazy kids be careful  it's a fucking jungle out there!! :~)
Hey! Remember me? Lizzy from the David Cook forums. How've you been? (I'm guessing pretty damn awesome right now... =P)
gotta hate those fake posers
whooo.  did you have to choke a bitch?
I'd imagine!  I've seen some pretty fat raccoons this season out here in Kitsap  too.  never much in a hurry  either...
there only a few shows i really look forward to seeing.  i hate when they put a reality show on instead with no warning.
Tell me about yourself :)
my parents
Happy Birthday Zarlom. You're my favorite cunt.
i was spanked but do not  only because it makes my kid behave worse  so doesn't work. not a lot does work-kinda sucks too.
Im glad to meet someone with similar FREAK gifts to me.  haha
things that you cant leave/live without?
alejandro by lady gaga
FUCKING ELLAS A RETARDED CUNT ALOT OF PEOPLE COULD DO A BETETER JOB THEN HERE SHES RACIST AGAINST BLACKS
haha ugh this sucks :(
it was fucking epic.  deck the halls with something about my dick 
You coming to work today  E? I know it's Gay Day and all. I wasn't sure if you were gay or just running late.
Sounds more reasonable. I hate having to buy 8+ presents for my very small family alone. Soulless Myer gift cards FTW
Have you ever ridden in a taxi?
damn! good job.
you're gonna get fat!
sheeeeit. i'll watch shawn bradley's 9-foot-tall ass get rejected by everyone including the rim any day.
mmm i dont really have a favorite. my gpa used to call me buster. one of my best friends calls me mel. haha those 2 are the only nicknames for me :D unless you want to include bitch whore and slut lol
Depends on if the cookies go straight to your ass  thighs  or tummy I guess.  For me  I definitely bake my ass on.
 fuck the recession 
live with both Parents ??
FAT WHALE U still Floating  Did not SINK Yet?
Coat Rack Contest in the Fab Lab. I hate winter  but this would help channel emotions into something constructive.
you can do video after jailbreak. But still it's not a patch on the n95 camera. I really hate the iPhone cam.No settings at all!
I AM SO UPSET RIGHT NOW IRL  GODDAMN YOU. I AM KEEPING HIM TIED TO THE BED AT NIGHT FROM NOW ON  FUCK YOU AND DAVROS.
i am so with you on that one. i hate hunting season also
Well don't because it's crude.
wow
That sucks. Are you alright?
aw that sucks.
kkk. have fun!
whoa be nice guys.. Whats all this FOOL and LOSER talk?
eat a dick you complain about texas all day shove it it! you just got told your suck a dick! so eat one
you are SUCH a fucking dork
fuck yo moustache you young ass nigga. Step yo beard game up
Learn how to spell? Learn how to tell apart a typo from a spelling error.   And learn how to be a proper fake.
yr gay voice =]
Damn straight!
when i wanna be haha
damn u i wanted to see sexy lesbian porn lmao
I heard the same thing about eating pussy. I heard a mouth full of now and latters makes the pussy taste better!
been here more then a hour just to get my vegas shit back damn slow service shiat
I feel the same way. I am still full and i hate a couple of hours ago
We just call that  whiskey dick. 
damn son  if my google reader ain't full enough as is  between reading and writing it is a wonder how i get anything done...
hmmm....or do they hate you because you didn't let them join in the parranda? Nah  probably the corp council thing
Do you know how to change a tire? Change oil? Change a spark plug?
You're such a nerd. lol
just found the email buried in inbox  count me **IN** i've been on the receiving end of foodbanks growing up. it SUCKS BIGTIME
  yes. Always. What the stamp look like? .: either Tyler was here or my hand print on your ass in pastel orange !??
yea school sucks sometimes. thanks bro figured id mess around on here to waste some more time from studyin ha
why do i hate DMs? so many reasons... one is: you can't send them to someone if they're aren't following you. what a pain that is! :)
Ahh
oh yeah! Radios powered by pork fat!
sorry that was funny. playa playa ahah. :p
Haha  damn him indeed
Bill Donahue? Seriously? Ask him why he uses hate speech against gays  women and Jews and maybe I'd listen to his complaints
I could see how YOU would think so  but alas  there is a big difference between felching and ass. The difference being the cum
!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK YEAH YOU DID. 3 3 3
I hate your direct message. Thanks.
it was fucking personalized. Damn it.
Oh  man  that just sucks!  I hate when there's something I really want and it just won't drop
hehehe. mine pleasure. Btw I too so loves it  when people be presumptous pricksy wicksies! feel jolly nice for me ass to rub on.
Baha You guys fights online a hilarious!
I'm your fucking Da and I'm not gonna come in tomorrow :)
yes actually :) you feel pretty awesomely special when your walking in. hahha
it's cos we're old now. sucks.
thanks  the nerd in me is overjoyed
emo!lol j/k
try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
Fuck you
I DO UNDERSTAND! I WAS TRYING TO PISS YOU OFF! AND IT WORKED!
NO! I am a very fit mother  in both senses of the word! Gawd damn  you know nothing!
Hi my name is Andrew and I want to fuck your brains out you hoe
If a parsley farmer is sued  do they garnish his wages?
im sad there's only 15 more minutes left! i hate how it shows only once a week lol
:) hey thankyou! :D
ooo i guess you're too quick for me ;)
gah  stupid sixtyone and inability to share music. I hate relying on Youtube  but: 
How many times were you on the phone to someone today?
haha! i'm such a nerd!
Do you think demons are real?
Favorite store?
Ech! LOL....if it was me  I would wash the sweats at least twice...then again I hate bugs!
M!
It kinda shows how hamfisted and ass-backwards they are going about social media.
Damn. You really *are* the Craft Mafia now.
Nicee!
play tricks on people hahaha
whatever about the Gay Byrne voiceover  shame on Eason's for running Christmas ads in early November!..
Your bio is quite interesting  it says  booo you whore. Are you talking about yourself? I am very confused.
grab that... It's yours  bitch!
Do you like to clean?
Freak.
I find the exact opposite to be true.  I can review a book I hate in fifteen minutes.  Good books take hours.
lol penelope died?? thats so depressive  i have a compaq it sucks  i dont have a name for my computer tho  
Does your closest Starbucks have a driveu2013thru?
what happens when someone tells u gators suck ass lmao. U pull a gun or stab them to death???
how am I so gay? Haha
I hate those fucking hash tags.
i hate you! i want to be in bed :(
what is this dick suck moment? lol. HAPPY NEW YEAR
I haven't been online for like three weeks hhaha
Ok is it gay day today? or are those some cute azn girl socks u sexed
mcdonald's
makes you feel cheap doesn't it.  I hate that clients use these things...
probably not lol
Fuck.
mmm i dont really have a favorite. my gpa used to call me buster. one of my best friends calls me mel. haha those 2 are the only nicknames for me :D unless you want to include bitch whore and slut lol
You didn't imagine it. It was the  get away from her you bitch  climax scene being parodied.
hate is good tho  free publicity  ppl who hate don't realize how much good it does to the other person
Would you ever have a long distance relationship?
not showing up in pictures
She is whatever the Hell she wants to be  and not one bit of that is anyone named Cheyenne!
chillinqq yew?
Fight the good fight. I sympathize. I hate to update! And W P is goshzillions better than what I had!
In order to survive 3 more days you need a small meal. There is nothing with you except your pet monkey... Do you fry up some monkey?
I especially hate it when they make me lift up my feet to sweep under my desk. Sigh.
Is it legal to travel down a road in reverse  as long as your following the direction of the traffic?
U know they all the same dame spot! I bet ya'll got the same damn middle eastern type of cats cooking that crack up too!
I'm so mad at America. They didn't sign a law stating you can't torture gays for being gay. I was so offended. This was 3 days ago.
Were you a Michael Jackson fan?
You must have missed the fag grapevine call about Eartha. I am sick. Going back to bed. Blah!
i love you to :)r thanks people are lameee
happy for you  sucks for me!  this should have been SNOW!
penn and teller pussy?
pffft you mean maybe you'll suck ass for her
Last night you felt?
THANK YOU! Beautifully worded. I'm so fucking sick of people just hating for hating. Everyone think they're so deep these days.
I hate .... you .... zzzzzzzz
omg srsy?? I loved ami  kat would always piss me off. She was always mad for no reason.
AND DAMN I JUST LOST /AGAIN/.
I have no idea haha maybe fly so then like it doesnt matter what happens to the world i'd be safe coz i could fly away right?
Wait if I shut down my phone company who's going  to sponsor you in the emo olympics?
Well  DAMN...Thanx For NOTHING!
Lulz. OK. Internet Explorer sucks.
usually  if I am at the point where I'm ready to say something mean  I will click away. I hate mean people.  hate them.
Nice robot post!... LOL I hate those cheesy responses too.
DION WHAT THE FUCK YOU SAYIN? LOL.
Two nerds enter  one nerd leaves!
Why you confused?
twinface it's ATCQ...your drunk ass can't type lol
I would call it being curious   but naah(: Aree you 
have you ever had Chicken Pox?
Beu03c4ter thu03b1n formspru03b9ng  try 
Yes. im with them now
Nahhhhh just when its like get a room suckin face all over the place touchy public kissing hah
yes i am a virgin lol and im 14 who wrote this?
Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
what is the definition of a hate relationship? does it mean the hate is both ways cause im pretty sure i would smite you with righteous fury bra dont be hatin
No- shopping isn't what sucks! It's the crowds that cause the trouble. haha! Love your website btw!!
cool.
that sucks!
What are your thoughts on earwax?
Damn that's a lot of money for tickets! I guess her little girl only turns 16 once though. :-)
gotta hate those fake posers
What was the worst place you've traveled to?
What!? Oh  that sucks!
DAMN! I'll wait a month before I send mine for a critique! LOL
I hate you
i dont know you  but you seem like a bitch
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
damn.
Uhh..i answered this i think  My Dad :) haha
OMG! cute emo cow! that would be acceptable! and the cow wouldn't mind the blood drinking...
oh my god thank you. I HATE IT HERE IN CALI! Though  you should wait till it gets hot. Then it sucks MORE. lol
I get that too! It sucks!
less drugz mo sleep bitch!
yes.
HAHA  that did brighten my day considerably.  How about on the one day of Christmas my broke ass got my gf gift cert to Chili's
No can do  Maria. I'm going out alone. Don't stress about your shitty wombat friend. He sounds like a loser. Get some sleep.
damn i hate Ed Hardy
nothing says you love him more than wooly ass sweaters and gift certificates for beer!
if you were black  that last one would be so damn racist
haha... so you want to be a twitter slut... alright  fine... i'll be waiting for the moment you mature from a tease to a slut!
THINK??? You THINK they are gay??? REALLY???? Have you watched the show???? and you THINK????
Lookkk meahh upp! (: ALEXIS NICOLE HODNETT<3
i hate hate hate it with a passion!! lol...i know the calls are recorded i talk mad shyt down the phone LOL!!!
argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
What shall we call this gang? Initiation rights must begin with downing a Fail Whale.
kkk. have fun!
that's hilarious: environmental sensitivity  hippie stink? i know the snow + roads in sea  bitch  but it's a 1 in 30 yr deal.
IDKKK!!!GOD?! Not understndin this  srry its like 3am hah
damn. thats crazy early. i wont hit the city til 9:30 but i will be a few blocks from the spot.
What's the last furry thing you touched?
it's called shitty ass fuck shit sir
I hate you...
Nerd alert!
hahaha okay
kiss my icecubes formerly known as my ass cheeks.
damn that sucks
samanthaaaaaaaaaa
Are you the type who is in a new relationship every week?r
immortal? invincible  privileged  all-powerful  above-da-law  I-am-da-law  da ends justify da means  I don't give a fuck I'm IT...
Ur BEAUTIFUL! :)
My grandmother is a big bitch and my father's a fraking arsehole.
damn right it wi be!
I don't care about leakage. Fuck the person sitting next to me in coach. (actually I do care)
FUCK YEA! THX! Id like to thank all my influences from my grandma (rip) to Sam L.  id also like to thank myself for being great!
Whatever... I just hate how the popularity of bands seems to inversely affect how much people are allowed to like them
aw man that sucks!
horrified mum can squlor (he hasnt been gone long enough) Im a chiness pig its what we do riding this till the end of 2008
LMFAOOOOO. and he looks emo now? i'd believe it.
There was a MAD ABOUT YOU/ DICK VAN DYKE crossover about a decade ago.  Carl Reiner reprised his role as Alan Brady.
you're not a twitter slut until you show us full frontal nudity... so until then you're just a tease =P
thanks lady. :]
Hmmm..I know a lot. Umm I guess psychology. The brain. It interests me just because people are interesting and dumb and so confusing.. I'd like to know more about that. :)
that's weird  because I hate them the second time I see them.  First time is ok but they get old quick.
Being hermit because I kewl like that!  kewl  meanin'  loser  lol jks
LOL! i know i tried a few times and had no luck. damn my mouth! :)
it's emo because you used a razor. An explained joke isn't funny. :(
Have you been in a serious fight?
What is more difficult for you; looking into someones eyes when you are telling someone how you feel  or looking into someones eyes when they are telling you how they feel?
Well good god damn.
hey you know wat wud b funny? to find out who started tht lil cheap ass lie tht if u roll ur eyez they'll get stuck like tht! rndm
WHAT??!  Did you talk to your attorney?  What is wrong with the dog?  I hate vet bills.
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
you came up with angry gay guy...
Aww thanks a ton. but honestly what?
What sitcom character reminds you of you?
fine! i'll stop!! Quit stompin' my cock!
IDKKK!!!GOD?! Not understndin this  srry its like 3am hah
that sucks;{
That sucks ...
I'm going to watch him kick Count Adamar's ass and then it's off to feed the beast.
i forgot about the clothes haa. i cant wait to get my ass in2 my skinnys! :) i belive im also getting 2 pairs of pjs. scorreeee!! :L
ohhh i dont no whats with these super hard questions
I'm the same way! I think it's cuz they're all so damn nice when I wouldve otherwise assumed they were super bitches
Piss off. ;)
Me  too. Now I'm dragging my mature ass off to BED! G'night hawt girlie! Woot!
aww  I knoow  I hate that! :-P
So you are right... reciprocity is a bitch (Just not in the way that Lauren Hill meant it)
Yeah i'm with ya...I hate to see guys get hurt  but it's a little easier when it's Roth..if only it had been Ward or Polamalu
are you the ideal person that you want to be? if not  what would you do to about it?
hehehehe(:
kkkkk thanks for all your spam in a can.
I just d/l to see how much I would hate it. I'm quite impressed. However I'm seeing tweets from ppl I'm not followin I think
hold up nigga..u cant hate Jay-Z...might have to beat yo ass like that nigga did when that other guy said F Tupac...lmao
Yes. when and where?
I send you a hug ma. That sucks! 08 was full of some fuck shit  I'll say that.
LIKE YOU HATE A HUNDRED DOLLAR TIP. the other strippers must be SO JELLY. JAAAAY KAAAAAYYYYYY
nahh
cuz montana sucks?
Like a week.
and holy crap  that's a long time!! D: that sucks!
um why not haha jks :)
i'm late but my damn pic mail ain't sending nowhere. they said i need to add the app? wtf?
A boa knife by the bed. a in thick lead pipe under my end table and i guess anything thats around..my laptop cords to strangle or we have wood chisels that would take out an eye lol
do u masterbate?
ass.
u whore...
ha! Go fuck a chickhen!
yea you'll fuck around and get that ASS tapped tomorrow u keep talking reckless like you are doing
cool. But that fireplace looks totaly gay.
wow you must be payed out the ass im in thw rong bizness hahahahaha
structure isn't quite the right word ... nor plot ... more like notion ... also ... it's hard to make myself not write  fuck. 
yes love one
lol whore bath...funny.
FIRE HIM!!!!!!  lol lame ass mofo....
What holiday is closest to your birthday?
ah damn  ok
pffft you mean maybe you'll suck ass for her
Lolol well i hate u. K thx 3
Hints in icing are bad or good? Skywriting sucks unless the hint is a very short word. I'd suggest a delicious tag for nerds.
Mine  I seem to fuck it up all the time. I'm off ~30 bucks. I'll leave it that way for 2-3 months and finally put an entry (cont)
It sucks to be done with exams n still be   Mayag.
its more like 5 mins :) and i was delayed by a train ;)
Trying. Fuck. It was due  yesterday  and that ended 2 hours and 47 minutes ago.
awhh i would saw lets! but i have a husband d:
yeah. subconscious sucks sometimes. always telling me what I'm doing is wrong. Most of the time it's not. :)
Listen. I love the Lord. But when I get to heaven and he asks  JG*... why were you such a freak?  I will say:
wow  damn I would have been pissed   that...
are you dateing a ''jaybee alxeander?''
yeah  its seems like most of the time unexplained highs are related to a bad site or fat delays
Beach or Mountains?
hah! nice. gunther parties are the best kind of parties. :) next is rhianna. all those songs we hate to love. lol.
I'd like to get a signed copy of 'Running Like a Fat Bastard'. Pleez. Only this will complete my fitness lit collection.
ily2 boo!
Being hermit because I kewl like that!  kewl  meanin'  loser  lol jks
Me  too. Now I'm dragging my mature ass off to BED! G'night hawt girlie! Woot!
I still think you should be prouder of the  Fuck fuck fuck!  but  Rock!  is pretty good. When will you be teaching her  FUCK YEAH 
thats what you get for being a fat ass....FAT ASS...
The ole Cell Phone Yeller in the Elevator. That sucks.
hahahaha ummm  sorry?
psshhh!! your on the WRONG side of SHUT THE FUCK UP!
i hope theirs LOTS of cursing in that video... oh wait we cant fucking curse ANYMORE baaaaahhhhh DAM THEM
if you were black  that last one would be so damn racist
aw  thanks. it's going better than yesterday  that's for damn sure. :-D
Oh  that sucks. Why I blew off my own appointment yesterday. I just couldn't face the wait.
ohhh  hes deffinately DROWNING!! (;
oh god  we have an icp display in our window  and weve been getting so many fucking juggalos and they smell sooo bad.
dry erase.
It sucks though when you have nothing to do at 4AM and your roommate wants to sleep.
dick and bubble gum. Thats what used to work for me lol
are you sure you know what your getting yourself into by following my twitter whore account?
i hate putting it away  sorting  washing  drying is fine  putting away  hate it!
What's the most delicious meal you've ever had?
LOL I hate commercials!
well who is this? even if i dont feel the same ill still be nicce :)
Arrrgghhh! I hate him!
Know how you don't smell perfume you use a lot after a while? Same phenomenon w/stink. How else can you explain pig farmers?
Are you ready to TWEETBOOOOOOOOMB!!! *that damn song fades in  just like at sporting events*
sam are you showing in 'in sequence' at white whale on friday night? I wasn't sure... since you'll be out of town for the opening
damn.
I disagree. Freecycle for clothes sucks. Rarely do people post pictures or include good descriptions. Maybe for kids clothes  ok.
get some damn sleep! Sleepy Time tea is my savior  serious
makes even gay men question their sexuality.
Don't hate me. I bought the Coldplay EP.
find the perfect guy for me :]
FUCK YEAH RYAN ROSS. il his lyrics way more than wbeckett's tbh  i donut care if they make no sense. BTW rolling stone FAILS.
Who's the most talented person you know?
as much as I hate it  I can write faster by spelling wrong on the iphone :) (I was scared I'd misspelled this tweet haha)
do you want a girlfriend?
Do you cry often or keep it inside?
no. i dont but thats cuz im insecure about myself
yeah I hate this bitch and I'm glad the chief killed that other dude!
 Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
your LAME ass  oviously iloveyouhh moree. (;
oh man.. that sucks  sorry your feeling ill... I'm still coughing  sneezing  seem's like this cold will never go away.
love it
awww what package? dang that sucks though! i hope its not makeup :(
aw that sucks!
Do you prefer Tupac the best singer in the WORLD i mean was he dead and who doesnt like lee
Thanks for the ass-kicking ... getting sucked into Twitter. Needed that. And yes  reading is really tough at 90% MHR.
sucks that ppl will do anything to make a buck. i just love how your fans are calling them out. and i'm glad your iphone is safe.
but i want your hairy ass then after i lick it i can fuck it you know you want it
ability to fly or breath under water?
thanks lady. :]
hotel town whore is in the bed riding ol boy that treated her like shit and the freaky cop walks in the room
that does sound gay. I never had that in year 12. And thanks!
Ever fell for the same guy more than once?
The eyes followng me are creepy. Damn creepy. And that smile makes it worse.
whaha ja maar het is zon raar idee dat ze dat lezen xD en dat BOB FUCKING BRYAR iets tegen me 'gezegt' heeft xD je moet vragen o
cool  i got it up and working. It's taking a damn long time tho; I'm pausing til a later date. Many thanx for the 411!
Nahhhh they're kinda neat to watch.
You know  I'd love to see the Bibliography or Wikipedia entry that cites your ass as a reference. We need to make this happen.
Ask me anythInclude Your User Info   ing
no taco bell  damn i lives through you  they closed the one up here!!
get drumk bitch!
damn homie where did you get that stat??
Nahhh. only that the occean is dispicably turning to oil at the rate of people saying ohh who really cares and the welfare of the creatures living in it is in our hands....not too much of a concern thooough...
nah the ass whoopin was serious. But I can see he didn't want me getting too  hooked  at an early age... Oowee too bad
If parents say  Never take candy from strangers then why do we celebrate Halloween?
point taken. fuck.
ROTFLMAOOOOOOO WOW...Cumleone? Cum Alone? Oh sorry...thats funny though.
Turns out I hate shopping  too. Way too many sounds and smells. I just want to pee on everything.
stop stealing my schtick  whore!
lol kevin bought me damn near nothing and we dated for over 10 months. my life sucks.
If you had your own talk show  who would your first three guests be?
My old school shit   i wud SOOO throw it away bhut my mom! Urgh
  man..... fuck the lakers
Have you ever stolen a street sign before?
Are you easily offended?
both. but usuallly make them
supposedly its what they call gay dudes in the south. Bear meat is supposed to taste sweet.
Do you have a boyfriend?<br>
beast my pussy  bitch. LMAO...that's creepy.
Yodda
did it really? i fucked that bitch up!
First.
Wait  you hate hfcs but you drink diet coke?  Head asplode.
If you could be a plant  what would you choose to be?
i REALLY hate you
dawns a Fucking twat and   that is the best song on the album
How much money do you need right at this moment to be happy?
coz it is attended by a lot of FAT people. You don't want me to show you the pics  do you? Oh  you were in it too!
Would you be willing to become extremely ugly physically if it meant you would live for 1 000 years at any physical age you chose?
haha I always say that! Girl or not  I too can rock out with my cock out! Hah
I'd bet a tasty Fucking Twix (TM) that such fanfic exists...only it's fetish slashfic involving the Guardian of Forever.
i don't know that bambi's ass is a nice place. LOL
Who's your favorite superhero?
yeah we do... damn this time difference *HUGS*
are you sure they weren't looking for my blog w/  wine bottle in ass ??
What a cunt!
sometimes.
fuck yo moustache you young ass nigga. Step yo beard game up
profile song!!!
Last time I was on a train was in Europe in 2001  but damn if I don't think of Hogwart's Express every time I think of them now
you order pizza that much they have you on speed dial. damn.
Aww  that sucks. I can't say I'm exactly full of any holiday cheer  doesn't even seem like Christmas to me. But I am quite cheerful!
just me.
man that rly sucks. I for 1 am positive that all will work out. You're a bright dude... pretty cool 2 if I don't say so myself.
probably not
Let that pussy freeze. Rotten bitey little bastard.
Yes i have. Not the newest one with Will Smith's kid and the chinese boys pickin on him but i have all the others with the white kid  hahaha there all great movies :)
guess what you should do? GET A LIFE. I don't even know you so why would you even start shit with me?! Seriously  you must be a bit messed up in the head. Pathetic.
Are you listening to any music right now?  If so  what is it?
swine flu.
i give up fuck aim. ill ttyl.
damn kid...condolences homie 
No- shopping isn't what sucks! It's the crowds that cause the trouble. haha! Love your website btw!!
Top three tips: 1) scan updates  2) pay more attention to   replies and 3) set time limits before it sucks your day! ;)
ass balls... lmfao.
fuck the krebs cycle.
haha I love how much of a nerd Obama is...
hmmm...I had a feeling bout u! but Damn No Label?? wow
AT&T hates you. Don't feel bad though  they hate everybody.
ahh ok..sorry  I got worried about u guys. you don't have to be gay  Telle! i'm sure there's girls out there that think you're ...
Fuck off naturally as opposed to artificially?
nope. i love tomatoes!
lol you'd go gay for Zac Efron
Clearly  manufacturers rarely use common sense to make customers happy  when they can easily just piss you off and make $$$$
your parents tell you that you need to change your name into any animal name that you want.. what would be your name?
crutches suck big time. i hate them lol. hope you get better soon! :P
Ohhh I hate when that happens... but it's so worth it if it was a great party ;)
lol the fuck what concert was that
haha cunt.
HUJIKHJKUILJKKJ Lmaoooooo. I cannot stand y'all asian ass ho's.
Damn  that sounds good...
hee hee. I got the Wii and Wii Fit for my birthday and am really impressed with it. It's great fun as well and fat burning grin
awww that sucks I'm sorry!!!
And boycott that fucking bar if they don't carry it!
hahahaha yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh member when i was makin cup cakes and he like would text me and be like hey its day and im like hi and we would talk for a min then all asudden it was you and id be like wtf in my mind
hey do you have a hairy ass i would love to put my tounge deep in you
The eyes followng me are creepy. Damn creepy. And that smile makes it worse.
Damn. Oh well  I can't raise my hand for every question. ;-)
the only show more thug is the nigga who be in the woods eating beetles and drinking his piss! that niggas GANGSTA!
do you ever wish that you could somehow go back in time? and for what reasons  if you dont mind me asking anyway.
im sorry bro. Fuck that bitch.
I'm just here to make sure he doesn't embellish things with those fancy-assed words of his. Good words right order my ass ;-)
yeah  it sucks :(
will do when i get home  only time i heard it was warped though  fuck life!
Loser! Are you back for Chrimbo or staying out there?
Yes I do. :]
ever been to the derby?
lol [: your a funny kidd you know that? [;
would you fuck shaun diviney? answer honestly!
Why do you think people join gangs?
fuck up foo.
Star girls....haha I WAS LITTLE they were pretty rad actually....u dont get many jumping comps at concerts any more.
Definantly. I just haven't found anyone like me.
Do you like spiders?
lol ohkay hi
So you were a geek and gay at a very young age ;)
yeah  im pissed. liek my body is tired  but my brain isnt  or is it the other way around? fuck idk anymore
baha  actually  im going to go on now :) BITCH ARE YOU FUCKING STUPID? >.> the REAL ashlee has a proof video  your dumb  your probably just some old man behind a computer screen<3 go fuck yourself<3
Ion kno lol
Gypsy bitch!!!!!
She makes me sick. She thinks she's cool and youthful cuz she watches that show. Phony bitch.
Watz gud
prada or jansport?
you know what sucks?  Family.  That's what sucks.
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #down-ass-bitches because she totally is one.
FUCK YEA! THX! Id like to thank all my influences from my grandma (rip) to Sam L.  id also like to thank myself for being great!
LIKE HOW U SAY WHAT THE FUCK AND CLEAN IT UP WITH HECK LOL
yeah  it sucks. 6 yrs down here  realizing we dont get snow. just ice. and nobody can drive in rain  let alone ice
best high school memory?
Would you rather die a hero and fighting for someone you love but having to be in pain  or die peacefully and painless?
thats a good question.  most lawyers HATE that stuff.
When was the last time you yelled?
WHUUT HAPPENEDD??
do humming birds hum because they dont know the words
it was in reference to his gay suit
hey man! You =gay! Lol jk
man i'm jealous of your day! i'm also hooked on twitter. damn arv. like i needed another procrastinating tool like this.
hahha i know!!
did Santa cum n visit u huny?
What do you value most in your friends?
Does your school have dry erase board or chalk boards?
sucks to be you
Favorite brand of clothes?
Mine  I seem to fuck it up all the time. I'm off ~30 bucks. I'll leave it that way for 2-3 months and finally put an entry (cont)
12 lol
What  you didn't like the link to  Pulp Fiction  fucking short version?
It's a bitch and a half  but worth it.
Would you believe the same article said eating less helps us live longer  too? Damn those scientists!
I did ur mom last night? Naww I don't like old fat white bitches! 
  lol BJ's blow ass :P
suck my cock  bitch. i am allowed to be scared of whatever i want. *z snap*
What do you want to see happen before you die?
That sucks  at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
get out of my fucking brain!  I am not yours!
fuck u and ur fucking break =/
oh guess who got an australian shephard puppy today. note: NOT ME. the other roommate. yeah. another. fucking. dog.
I know the haters are the motivators(: hahaa i love you too<3
fuck a sunburn. what are you 8? im on some shrimp cocktail and champagne by the pool. get your grown man
careful  soy joy will give you bitch tits!
what do you like in 'YOU'?
yuppp
What do you think would cause mass hysteria?
Well don't because it's crude.
Frak the trainer.  Work out w/o him.  Don't quit because he's a dick.
the bs.
call me emo again and i'll cut myself
Listen  RayRay  I gave you the lowdown as soon as I got it. I hadn't heard it b4 and I was shocked. She seems to hate his guts.
I think i done bounced half my ass off LOL
yet fear seems like a cop out too  i eat my words...Hate is ugly
Im gonna take pole dancing classes would that make me slutty?
YOU NEVER CALLED ME.
bojangles? damn you! so jealous.
haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
Oh I hate that. What's worse is that people don't say who they are on the phone and they keep talking to you. And I'm like  who?
Not at all!(:
re: why friendfeed sucks  no doubt a powerful utility but with a high learning curve and non-intuitive user experience
wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
can you pls ask me some questions? :)
Have you ever been cow-tipping or snipe-hunting?
I don't use the touchpad(I hate them) I always use a USB mouse. We are a toshiba family.. we have four
I hate that  just finished round 4 of rough revisions for a client... can't they just be clear and concise at the get go?
how's obama as a president?
i really like my friend.r but its complicated.
asses and it's like the whole world is like   OMG  I HAVE NEVER SEEN AN ASS LIKE THAT EVER IN LIFE!   wut?!?!!  Outrage! lol
I almost punched her vagina into the new year... grrr she was a cunt bag. How is your trip going?
could you imagine John F Kennedy or Churchill or Abraham Lincoln shouting  yaa boo sucks you 'kin wankaz  at the opposition 
haha thanks (:
like I said  I wouldn't even do it with your dick!
I do bird watch actually
Anything ethnic!!
Where would you be able to spend hours and be happy?
I ment boyfriend u know  like the kissing the hugging estera.....unless u do that with your best friend lol :D
Yea  the weather sucks. And is only gonna get worse over the next two months.You're tempted to just get back on the plane? :P
sucks. why/how are you being forced into that?
YES!! she'll call me and be like get your ass out of bed and then she'll name a list of bs for me to do
lol.. that sucks..it's so nice in miami... catching that ocean breeze from the balcony....don't want to rub it in...lol
In WOMANIZER? I know I just saw it for the first time. She is fucking hot again. Goodness.  I'm a Slave for you   Hottest
can you travel around the world in 80 days
Tell them you want YouTube to quit fucking with things that no one wants fucked with.
nope. but i do deja vu sometimes haha
att is run by the devil  i hate them
ha! sucks for u!!
Hell  I'm upset they allow him to get near a fucking camcorder  let alone direct anything. He'd fuck up a 3rd grade play.
You have an inbox folder for CYA  Covering Your Ass?
yeah tneezy gonna hate it...   sorry boo u 1 day late!
Slurpees are awesome. Damn  now I really really want one O.o
i know you got some bama ass shit on your ipod somewhere... some Pastor Troy or something lol.
fuck you Devi. slit em'!
creative things.
no im just fucking pissed at shit
ahh damn it: Action 12.1.5.0 of Microsoft.SharePoint.Upgrade.SPSearchDatabaseSequence failed. and i didn't snap shot my VM DOH!
how often do you go to spa?
Fuck them!
swine flu.
lady  i wanna fuck your tumblr.
go fuck yourself.
I know  they get in the damn way! They always have to be so cute and nice.
WHO DOESNT!!(:
I hate to say it  but I get  like  4 spams a month. Maybe. Not sure how I'm able to do it. And I've had that email since '05.
that sucks;{
wouldn't that be butt ass nekkid?
fuck! is this guy the new jesus? i just don't get it.
cause i just need to get my mind away from all the bullshit out here..im bousta say fuck doin music...just promote others...
LIKE BITCH WUSSUP! Ahahaha
i SENT it!!!!!!!! u'll prob get it in like a billion years since cingular SUCKS!!!!
Nope
now who's the fucking hipster?As if you not dig Kanye!   heyyy how you doin'   the man has great beats+lyrics
LMAO!! Hot sauce indeed!  but sheeeeit. you can take a picture of   wrapped in ME! fuck the dumb lol
how do you express your anger?
-question-
if Q is there tell him he sucks. He's dark and plays suspect lol
all that I know of is the Revenge vinyl. u? and sorry for delayed answer  my internet sucks and trips out
please get the fuck out of my house
Street Fighter HD better be on the store today or I'm going to freak out
when is ur birthday?
Fuck that! I feel awful for you  having to wait out there!
i got the 8330 bigger keyboard I got fat thumbs
he's like a curse r he's like a drug r you'll get addicted to his lover you wanna get out but he's holdin you down r r sing it babe!!! :)
Hell  I'm upset they allow him to get near a fucking camcorder  let alone direct anything. He'd fuck up a 3rd grade play.
If you could put somebody on a postage stamp  who would you choose?
you're a dick for the Heroes spoiler.
look im sitting at home twittering my ass off on a friday night. I should know better then anyone  lol
hate to rub it in but it says 70 on the thermometer here. May have to do my beach walk early today to aviod sprinkles.
whyy aree youu suchh aa faggottt(:
I'm a shoe slut; Gee's a jacket slut; we're just all a bunch of sluts xD
if i get scared ill be sure to throw u in the way so u shiver in terror and piss ur pants like u already did
Its just the way this world works these days. haha
emo-hair+hip hop-fitted hat
My problem is that bankers and investors have taken risks regardless of being told how bad things could fuck up.
oh dhatss watss up
that sucks :(
i had to... i deleted the annoying bitch. she kept making me puke in my mouth
  i'm hammered and want you both at Hot Damn.
And boycott that fucking bar if they don't carry it!
should be in good company.  talking to self  hate this wireless keyboard... 
Ah. Gay!
uh uh u fucking bitch. haha dont take any coats  skinny jeans  slippers  gloves  bomber hats  or scarves.
fuck you op
okaaaaayyy
have you been out of counrty if so where?
i miss you too   i cant believe ur going to north!!
The eyes followng me are creepy. Damn creepy. And that smile makes it worse.
Great you?
dsfdsfdsgfdfgsd
well is has Keanu though... damn I might just watch it then...
haha well you are the only ninja i know ;)
No? Is it possible. ha
Thats a hard 1    *thinkin* Maybe Bustin Jieber? I think! haha
i hate u. looooooool
damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaff(house) then
Are you vain?
omg! that really sucks! anything serious?
im not sure if i should taunt you with how awesome it is  or say im surprised it took this long to get snow hate twitters
oic but what do you want sir? Did I get you a book on conspiracies and shit already? Yes I did hmmmm fuck thinks
What do you grab to drink when you're hot  sweaty  and thirsty?
   i've never even met him in person. he's a fucking douche.
Do you get cold sores often?:
haha ugh this sucks :(
What's the secret to happiness?
Damn! Break me off some bread!
Maybe they're looking for Carl!!!  That damn Carl.
you got niggaitus and watch baby come in there and fuck with you.
What would happen if you get scared half to death twice? Do you die?
wow  bang bros was the ish...haven't watched it for a while tho! :). damn  now I wanna see that! LOL
I AM SO UPSET RIGHT NOW IRL  GODDAMN YOU. I AM KEEPING HIM TIED TO THE BED AT NIGHT FROM NOW ON  FUCK YOU AND DAVROS.
Dropped it in the sink when I was doing dishes. never talk on your phone and do dishes. Your doomed as soon as you start it..
Yur really pretty no homo ((:
fuck...  lemme know if you'd like to work at criagslist
DM. damn.
Oh no! Everyone ok? Damn you rain! Ruining my BFFOT's day!!!
I hate em..
What is one unique thing about you?
oh  you'll get used to it.  Just learn to type less.   elmn8 vwls u dnt need.  Oh god  I feel like AIM whore...
ohhhh like that... well then shit girl  u shud be pissed. AAAND... u needa tell the BF his own blood is using his ass!
How often do you wish you were a kid again?
you should start obsessing over him it might freak the delivery guy out.
either a family member or one of my guy friends that would come and protect me :D
Pah. Loser. ;) Haahaha. Well done fella. Very interested to chat to you about it sometime!
hahahha thank you :)
Dare me :)
Not too much
You don't even know that half  trust me sallie mae is the one bitch I wish I could divorce right now
Sure. Well  long day being going to five stores in a row. I hate shopping.
all i heard for the last 2 hours was WHORE WHORE WHORE SLUT WHORE WHORE OH MY GOD WHORE WHORE
immortal? invincible  privileged  all-powerful  above-da-law  I-am-da-law  da ends justify da means  I don't give a fuck I'm IT...
Do you have any scars on your body?  If so  how'd you get them?
maybe you should go punch him in the dick.
EMMA hahahahah :D I MISSSSSeddd YUHHHHh 222222 <33333
Have you ever seen someone who you KNEW had Herpes? What was your reaction?
damn this is some good coffee
emang lagu2nya emo? bukannya mellow? :D
Surprise parties u2013 yes  or no? Why or why not?
She makes me sick. She thinks she's cool and youthful cuz she watches that show. Phony bitch.
Have you ever tried to kill yourself by holding your breath?
I'm just here to make sure he doesn't embellish things with those fancy-assed words of his. Good words right order my ass ;-)
Hello?
You'd be television slut.
Do you have a secret that no one knows but you?
nope
just got the free iPhone one this sucks and I am new to the twitter world.
AHHH I HATE THAT..
SWEEET you've just become cooler in my book or as someone said earlier today.. kick ass... so 80's :)
Damn fucking skippy. I'm onthe same shit
Can you cry under water?
I'm more into shows like Dave Chapelle...I fuckin can't believe he flipped out and didn't do anymore..fuckin sucks.
Doh! dont you hate it when that happens  I keep meaning to take a backup myself
Are you trying to say the saran wrap  bacon fat  and rubber bands I currently use don't count as REAL gloves?
What do you think of women who wear revealing clothing infront of kids?
Pains in the ass cause that twitch!!! I am telling ya
XoxoAshleyxo and I are okay now though. No more threats so your back up will not be needed.
well fine  cutest boy you know?
Yes you are a loser... I could have told you that a long time ago...
sucks to be you
yep...that whole damn mixtape gets me hype lol
If you had to challenge someone to a duel of some kind  what your weapon of choice be?
I'll love him in the biblical sense  just as soon as they chop his emo hair off.
Stupidity.
SHUT THE FUCK UP! What?! Why does Micky Rouke have ur #?
Is there anything that can make you sick just by smelling it?
What is the last thing you watched on TV?
tim. i dont think men are hot.
/nerd *laugh*
 @maddow. where is that big gay planet? can I go there now please? someone please fucking segregate me off this rock.
It sucks though when you have nothing to do at 4AM and your roommate wants to sleep.
a) JTP is a douchebag b) Stewart kicks ass!
yes.
chest and arms haha
What do you dread doing but have to do it?
....you gone wind up fucking her (is that what u wanna do  shawty)
When she lived in an apt she had a Chinese neighbor who kept eying the pig. Worried about it being someone's dinner so she moved!
Your John Mayer  My Jacks Mannequin. Andrew McMahon is my LIFE SUPPORT. Not to sound emo or anything ahaha
YOU RE A GAY!? .... =) I 3 you
rogue. I hate you and your ability to spell correctly. though some of them were red  but they were communist. not rouge.
aw man  that sucks!
I hate that entire area of new york.
oh man. the malls are a mess  it grosses me out. ohhh capitalist dogma  how i hate you
eat a dick you complain about texas all day shove it it! you just got told your suck a dick! so eat one

YAY OR NAY OR GAY?
they won't let us live anywhere without coming up our ass. I want to move  now ):A
yuck... that is going to take a long ass time...
What was your worst travel experience?
yes I love it. its a funny hobbie and way to express yourself :)
Well  not unless he wants some hot Vulcan action.  It only happens once every seven years  but damn  is it worth it.
I hate you so hard right now.
I have no idea why I live here. It sucks in the winter.
Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
believe me  not only fat kids like cake :)
magenta and white :]
Fight the good fight. I sympathize. I hate to update! And W P is goshzillions better than what I had!
I hate to keep sending this link.. but you never got back at me.... Whats good.. 
thnxs that's what I will d today. wrap up the end and plan new move. damn that feels better.
not really; i think i named all of them  which kind of sucks.
I brought Prussia back  bitch.
work stressing over this damn AE meeting we are having   11am.
My KEGELS can't take the archives. Fuck!  Got them workin' workin' day  night!
in time for when I travel and the train company still refused to let me travel. The fucking wankers.
 damn you and your constant banoffee pie mentions!! Very tempting LOL
Joanne Angel? You know how much I hate you right now :p 3 XXXorcist
Lol idk thoo Kim has a better body buhht ugh geez idk (x
newspaper said sand was also bad.  Might as well just go for the salt and take care of the damn problem
I hate moping. It's horrible. Mum makes me mop the kitchen floor sometimes and I always want to dieeeeeeeee.
I was *sure* I told you both at the wedding...Damn that open bar!
I need to keep my head warm in this cold weather.... Bummer though  hate to see you go.
Ion kno lol
Do you have any magazine subscriptions?
Sandals 4suree ;D i wear them in thee winter 2! No lie! haha
Do you have any tattoos?  If not  any plans to get one?
Nice. They've cancelled ours. I ask you: how is a man supposed to get drunk and photocopy his ass at work now?
What has caused you the most physical pain?
im not Jewish im catholic so suck a dick
Vote or die  bitch!
Do you take work home with you?
damn  after seeing that one I know I didn't win anything!
ok I don't care what   says about being PC bc that is SO queer. And ftr  my gay friends would say something worse! ;)
careful  soy joy will give you bitch tits!
Is Truculence his band's name?  That is BAD ASS.  It would make a great rockabilly band name  too.
LOL what's this with people asking you about smelling your FEET? And apparently  in an even stranger twist  someone already has smelled your feet?
What trait do you love the most and least about yourself?
Then report Cheyenne if your the real deal!!!! Vvv btw your cute jbatman (;
im replacing it with Britney Spears  Circus. I doubt that sucks anywhere near as much as 808's or plies.
I'm gay and I'm pregnant gak mungkin berhasil. This guy is persistent. Gmn ya. Can I just simply ignore his msgs??? :-D
Kitty face!!!!
lol....damn backwards smileys
Twerp is a word that needs to make a comeback.
He's an asshole. I'd fucking bean him  for love of the game. Not starring Kevin Costner.
i dont think so
FUCK YEAH!!!! PARTY!!!!!
Are you a generous person?
i saw you had this thing so i made one too. loser i know ha
Mmm...Pizza pie!  You know...Papa Murphy's sounds damn good right now.
Here's all you need to remember... I actually AM as smart as you think you are. I know  it sucks to be you. I'm sorry?
whats the craziest thing you have EVER done?
most of the time
that's great. def down on carbs + fat. counting cals in and out is working perfectly. the big difference is my mindset. thanks!
Fuck you
hmmm ...should i answer this question? ha. Hacker!! jk.
you seem like a hater. or maybe you do it to piss people off. either way  fact is always good.
Sorry you bitch punched TEO.
 you can trust me to do my part to help   win his  biggest loser  contest.  ;)
I hate that I get scared and parnoid when my house is quiet
good question:]
Okay so I am pretty much ridiculously jealous of you. You're so pretty!
you know what sucks?  Family.  That's what sucks.
lol i knew wat u were talking about i say that to anyone that ask lol and no =]
cock flavored seasoning?!?!? wtf
What is the last thing you watched on TV?
Y'know  it's very stereotyped emo.. I know plenty of older people who follow the trend  cult the whole way.
SAME HERE! FUCK FLORIDA!
Ugh! I hate when I get spam followers... They shouldn't count against our talley of actual followers... :-p
that would be nice  too.  because i hate feeling violated every month with no payoff.
VTU  SUCKS .
lots of ppl i know hate the song. was spreading it around  most ppl ask me whats wrong with me hehe. i think its so fantastic.
The guy who runs it is a major dick  underpays or doesn't pay models. He's harassed me and belittled me.
Lol idk thoo Kim has a better body buhht ugh geez idk (x
nahh
I hate you so much right now. 
That's right.  It takes a freak cold front followed by an effing huge snow storm!
If you could have personally witnessed one event in history  what would you want to have seen?
I don't bother arguing that about Bush anymore because people who admire him have damn near no power post-2008 elections.
And you didn't even make it a dick joke? I feel like I don't know you.
Hmm...gay marriage is a subset of gay rights  but they are not different animals entirely.
i literally could not breathe. that was so fucking scary.
haha I wish. why so mac hate-y-ish?
hahaha. once years ago when he was sleeping I applied some to his lips. I hate it when guys hve better lips 4 lipstick than me
whats your favorite out on myspace and facebook?
 If they would have cremated that son bitch I'd be tale grabbing his ass right now 
ii lovee yuuu moree:P
FAT WHALE U still Floating  Did not SINK Yet?
that sucks.. i'm guessing its an online only item.. i hope it comes available soon :D i need it for when the DVD comes out :D
ok! where is it then? send that bitch to me!! haha!
Ohh mann this is a GREAT  Chrissy Michelle Savannah AJ Bianca and lotss more + you!<33
green pepper  cheese  onion  bacon-crunchy  and cheese :D
almost 40 and whatever hoodsag I may have it's workin better than ever and I ain't cutting a damn thing down there.
Thanks. It was in Panama with 7 other chicks. Funn times.
i give up fuck aim. ill ttyl.
Why do most people feel the need to be better than someone else?
Then she changed roles and she is a little less bitch from hell but still  her sting has too much barb.
*giggles and cuddles* Its some kids show...that is disturbing as FUCK.
whoever created chocolate pecan pie  thank. thank you for my big fat ass.
--- that shit right there fool ... is FUCKING TIGHT!!!! --- 
why do i look so fat?
I'm counting down the milliseconds til you OPEN THE DAMN BOX.  if I have the patience of a saint  you have the willpower of a GOD.
Nothing more frosting won't fix.. and   Gun Shots.. Phoenix. That is like Nacho's and Fat guy's.. it's a given.
Damn  you've had more jobs than  um  er  well  you're just always employed! lol
Are you happy with your life right now?
whooo.  did you have to choke a bitch?
HUH?
 I was there helping your ass pack to get on the plane. A tru friend  helping you track a sub sized weiner like fucking GPS
I fucking hope you move you bitch!!!!
haha  that's ghey. Tell them it sucks balls and they need a real designer.
typical. jeans and a cute blousee
SWEEET you've just become cooler in my book or as someone said earlier today.. kick ass... so 80's :)
  Hopefully we've exhausted our interest in the word  cock  although I'm sure this could go on for many posts...
thank yoooou. I'm probably going to get my ass handed to me lmao
you own a gun? remind me not to piss you off anymore.
Then she changed roles and she is a little less bitch from hell but still  her sting has too much barb.
Ass kissing == traffic == profit. Unfortunately.
I had to do that the other day  the bots are fucking annoying.
fuck you  dude. it is more than amazing.
Spam for Spam? :)
easy! keyshia sucks. It's pathetic when an actor makes a better album in his 3rd profession (act  stand up) than you do in your first
no. ur 13 get the fuck off the internet and get back to playing with ur easy bake oven. stupid parents buyin brats iphones.
Duck fat online...the internet is a wonderful thing!
i was excited about seeing that until i remembered itv have the fa cup rights. god i hate itv
Not currently. :/
xD! i know. hmm ....i wonder how it feels like to fuck bingo  hard .....hmmmm  i guss i'll never know D':
damn.
that sucks that the internet is being twitchy. Hope it works soon. :(
Do you know how to play poker?
damn  weird.. a friend told me the sound of the mic wasn't in the streaming though... anyway  the pics are nice! hehe :)
Chocolate! Bahah!
fuck yeah
 See  I had to google   cloved lemon SCA   to figure that out.
I don't hate you. My last partner was 130 lbs and I got him up to 165 lbs of solid muscle. I hated him 4 looking better than me
I disagree. Freecycle for clothes sucks. Rarely do people post pictures or include good descriptions. Maybe for kids clothes  ok.
haha  that's ghey. Tell them it sucks balls and they need a real designer.
I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck  what a bad ass opportunity for you.
Fuck. Well  you can for a low cost of 19.99 with shipping and handling. But that's only if you really want to.
omg dude! im so sorry!! that totally sucks. is it bad??
can i get a good night  damn!
I hate  Rag and Bone  so much.
Hahah Helllz yess! I will mamas!!<3 love u!
You should check this post out: What to designers hate about people in their field: 
go kick that owner's ass.
I don't bother arguing that about Bush anymore because people who admire him have damn near no power post-2008 elections.
I hate you so much I just want to smash your face.
i hate the whole factor. Wrapping and unwrapping. Christmas is just about greed
   HE'S FUCKING HIMSELF!
Mind your own state politics. Joe Smith was a mammal before a prophet. Some mammals are gay and even heterosexuals have anal sex.
Faaaaake. :D
try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
Yur really pretty no homo ((:
Oh no. I hate that!
someone hacked your account?  that sucks!
Please do...anything from you my sexy bitch!
this sucks ass!
I hate chris
I've made myself achingly sore playing mario anything on the wii. lol LOVE that  game. Rainbow Road is a bitch. :D
P.S.  Fuckitty fuck fuck  is def. worse to say in a Holy Place. Especially if you're Catholic.
fuck...  lemme know if you'd like to work at criagslist
Are we going to see an appearance of the 'fuck me' boots? :P
iWill
unless Adobe gets their head out of their ass Flash will die because mobile will be the dominant platform.
i need some of that money to get some of that tryfe heatery...the freeway shit was BOOOOOOONKERS!!! you killed that damn beat fam...
ew
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #socialmedia because... Shes damn good at everything to do with Social Media.
Yuh d0n+ l!k3 m3?
LMAO!! I seen that  that dude was mad angry... then got his ass beat
how many glasses of water do you drink a day?
cuz montana sucks?
sadly true  mens lifestyle walks a fine line between britneys bits  and articles about pectoral development for gay guys...
i need some of that money to get some of that tryfe heatery...the freeway shit was BOOOOOOONKERS!!! you killed that damn beat fam...
well mine are double flared  so they are a fucking homo bitch cunt to get out. aggrivation!
Unfortunately  I can't take credit for that blog-- I found it while surfing the 'net at 4am and laughed my ass off!
Do you own slippers?
 fucking tweet already! WE NEED NC TWEETING!
I laughed so hard when I first heard because my gay husband (good friend  lol) says code 3 when he has an emergency
i need some of that money to get some of that tryfe heatery...the freeway shit was BOOOOOOONKERS!!! you killed that damn beat fam...
that sucks.  I do both at my work  which is a pain the rear-end too  because everyone thinks they're designers ;)
mmmm fat kid pizza.
Have you tried 'fuck' and 'Fuck'? (yes  they are different)
Have you ever been to Hollywood  CA?
dry erase.
well if u looking for more sex  watch the fat boy freaking his pillow thats now playing. Ewwwwwww!!!!
I hate those things I walk haha don't care how far it is!
i hate how it never snows there... and you live IN CANADA! do you want some of ours? I hate snow.
duh! fat fish and winning the lottery go hand in hand
Do you know anyone in prison?
haha. word. i'm having a glass of wine and retooling my erotica blog project. if i'm gonna be all emo i may as well channel it
why do you hate activesync?
whats the operating system on it? i have windows vista and vista sucks bad..it is full of bugs still. shuts down and freezing alot
if you tweet about that damn song one more time.... And its on the Scion double disc promo cd
That doesn't sound nice at all. As somebody who was made redundant with one day to trade last year with Swatch  I know it sucks!
 (iTunes) or  Antrel Rolle previewed today's MIN game on the Best Damn Sports Show Podcast.
hahaha. once years ago when he was sleeping I applied some to his lips. I hate it when guys hve better lips 4 lipstick than me
you're so fucking dreamy
checked it out...looks like it's well on it's way to being pretty damn awesome :)
most of the time
Man  fuck Alton-Darby.
WTF emo ass lookin bitch  *sigh*
lol just rhyming  gay i know
volleyball
What do you dread doing but have to do it?
Whoa. Quite a heavy-hitter to hang out with the vagabonds and tellers of dick jokes. Guess we know who to blackmail first.
are you sick of hearing about michael jackson yet?
awww damn. i was lookin forward to it. do will and rosario have crazy chemistry tho? im thinkin jada musta stressed this 1.
Called in gay? LMAO!
:D awhh hahaha thanlyou
Do you think people talk about you behind your back?
oh yeah I hate that feeling. Especially right before bed. Have you tried booze? :-P
it was fucking personalized. Damn it.
man it sucks dont it.On the plane home yesterday i was in agony with the cabin pressure.My ears still are not right now :(
    Just so you know  I'm staking my claim on etherist. I am in full on crush! Sucks that he's married. :P
no im definately a bigger nerd than you.
Yes. :)
bitch i am an eagle scout i will cut you and then perform rudimentary but effective first aid on you
Yea I hv 2 admit after posting I reread  thought the same thng. Guess I was feelin the sis love  got alittle emo on yall
LOOK   UR TEXTS OR I'M GONNA FREAK OUT   U!!!
how so? It's more reasonable cause of the smaller age difference...plus Mikey's always sex deprived so he's a fucking animal.
aww that's awful!! XD I loved the art  and watching them all freak out. I hated the asian dude  he was a dmbass.
that SUCKS.
yet fear seems like a cop out too  i eat my words...Hate is ugly
OMG!! ahhhh!! Where he go? Damn it he just fell off my window sil! haha jk!
i hate paying bills period lol ;p
But I say I'll be back gotta get some more coronas!!!! bahaha jk my favorite drink is dr. pepper :D
FUCK AT&T!
5 favorite things to eat
nothing
when is Kick Ass #5 gonna hit shelves?
I havent seen it yet  i really like his cd though.
fuck u BIATCH!!!
i hate u. looooooool
me to=( This sucks...
haha yeeee im awesome(:
mr.lydian @gmail.com. I'm not the most fun  but damn it I'm something!
that sucks!
Shrug it off. I'm prolly there to have a good time so i wouldnt phase it.
damnit  then im out  my bad for asking :)
Hell yeah the drunker the better...is drunker a word..more drunk? I think its more drunk? Fuck it our show is hood. drunkener
You're most certainly welcome :) would it be alright if i were to send you a text message? ;D
HAIR PRODUCTS? I hear Hair Products?? lol i hear your getting beat up us girls do stick together...against them bad ass boys
Wait if I shut down my phone company who's going  to sponsor you in the emo olympics?
that does sound gay. I never had that in year 12. And thanks!
we gonna make bklyn see what's up! Hell fucking yeah!
and you're a smug cunt  so it must be true!
no!!!! Ahhh he is fucking crazy hes been killing himself since yesterday still nothing!
what do you think of guys who wear headbands/ponytails?
You fucking rock =)
what do you use then? cuz I hate Itunes
that's killer. Wish it was even cool here. But it's been damn near 80 most of the week. No where near festive temps.
I'm movin if it's a no. Oh  but I can't sell my house can I and as for getting another job well...damn I sound like Rick Spleen
Is it wrong I am getting my daughter to paint Xen's nails while he is asleep?
I think that's generallyt true about the element of hate but some crimes aren't personal like burglary. Some like this are.
antlers. nah  fuck that. they look stupid and extend the paradigm of happiness seasons fucking greetings etc etc
I hate when it happens to people that are nice. They don't deserve embarassment of that sort.
Yeah  especially if they're those big-ass soft pretzels. Those things are the bomb-diggity.
and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min  out!
you're a nerd fail
don't you just hate that?! Especially when it is over the most irrelevant crap
that sucks for your teacher. poor guy. isn't your class full of adults? do they act mature like adults are supposed to?
Would you rather be really hot or really cold?
You can only have one kind of sandwich. Every sandwich ingredient known to humankind is at your immediate disposal:
no doubt. Teach that kid how to read the bounce or block out...damn.
It sucks :(
I don't always agree with you... but I do this time! Slow the hell down and stop getting so emo about it.
I love New HAmpshire well the white Mounts.I'm from Maine and I know I hate cold also hence why I moved to Fla.
lmao damn! thats all I can muster...
you are welcome to spend the night any time... but next time you steal the covers  I'm gonna cunt punt you. Not really. :)
sakoyo hahaha smart ass!!! laughing in my boots...hahaha...still laughing...not! Nah not sad...I dont joke like that anymore..haha
well  it is gay hippie stoner music
so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
any makeup tips? i suck at doing my makeup lol
ah damn man! Good Luck!! You can do eeeeit!!!
omg that so fucking sucks
i update from my phone a lot  you can add twitter as a contact. damn bsa is getting all high tech.
nope
Hints in icing are bad or good? Skywriting sucks unless the hint is a very short word. I'd suggest a delicious tag for nerds.
Fuck. So much pressure. But as good as Swingers is... He was a fucking pussy with his girlfriend. So I have to go with Made.
aw that sucks.
Would you ever prank your spouse if you got married?
damn australians!
Would you marry Donald Trump for the money?
I hate Sunday nights becoz the next morning brings the budget meeting. Bleh...
I need to get my grandma to teach me how to cook that they be so good. and them damn collard greens fresh out the garden
point taken. fuck.
I know  I really wanted to go to the show  but I gotta be responsible. I was in class w/all the idiots. I hate them all!
Gee  i might if the person running this hadn't been such a bitch to me. I'll focus my efforts elsewhere  thanks.
LOL!!! VIOLATOR IS THE TRUTH!!! HATE THEM AND U MUST HATE URSELF!!!
I know he is prolly tryna fall back  but I just wanna make sure ain't nothin happen to his ass lol. cuz usually he text  or sumthin
Peter DeLuca i could not hate you more
yes.. a she-wolf in love  is it even possible? Which team do we root for now? I'm a faithless whore  struck by Amor
I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck  what a bad ass opportunity for you.
I jokingly remarked to my man that I was an  internet whore   he thought it meant that I was a porn star. LOL He doesn't get it.
really? You dont want to know anything about me.
My sis made me think   your  Femmes  Fags  blog..she is a total boi but so extra that you would think she was a fag. lol
I know it sucks  but I'm actually envious of you.  Though I have orientation for a tutoring program on the 14th.  Did I tell you?
he's gay like u lmao. And the rest of the guys are alergic to fruits. *wink* lmao.
LMAO!! I seen that  that dude was mad angry... then got his ass beat
Yeah I agree. It's wrong.
i got bioshock for chfristmas form him yay bt it sucks i cant play it 
i hate you for both those statements. lol
What's the worst thing about where you live?
there you go denying stuff again. until Maury clears you on TV w/ an  i aint yo daddy test   your ass is suspect.
Are you eating anything right now?
Do you believe in the quote  I'll sleep when im dead''?
sakoyo hahaha smart ass!!! laughing in my boots...hahaha...still laughing...not! Nah not sad...I dont joke like that anymore..haha
I was *sure* I told you both at the wedding...Damn that open bar!
i would answer that but im not so sure of who that is 
Are you passionate about your beliefs?
kkk. have fun!
yesssssssssssssss :D
totally loved Odo. But the Ferengi make my skin crawl. out of all the species  they're the ones i hate the most. yuck!
guess who made a fucking surprise in my dreams last night you butthead!!! thanks to you Martha Stewert loves my dreams! baaah
nope
dude Stef says  he is the biggest pussy on Christmas eve ever 
haha NATALIE WAZAP  ahhh damn i hav to go...my sis is forcing me off with a cane...ok not really but gtg luvya3
i hate having to wait till jan. for the big game lol tedious i tell ya
Myspace duhhh!!!
yeahh. im over this convo  on to th nextt onee! ahahaha. hello.
like I said  I wouldn't even do it with your dick!
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
ha! sucks for u!!
i feel fucking great get me another drink
good! i hate digg...it's way too gamed
We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
damn you L ...damn you...wait how thehell do youhave chocolate eclairs in japan..i bet you cant get JAMICAN BEEF PATTIES! pooey!
with candles and a few good friends and family :]
last nights Top Gear had V8 powered rocking chair  Fail. And Jeremy is gay.
Hahaha! Wait wht kind of drink! LOL well JackInTheBox is like not evn a mile away frmh my house! So there! i guess thts wht ur askin lmao! XP
ripping off Emo Phillips + ba-dum-bum jokes wouldn't get my vote even if i was the web-voter type.
You done started something! Got me all nostalgic and shit KNOWING good and damn well I got work to do...LOL
DOGS LICK THEIR ASS...NEED I SAY MORE? DOG.
damn yo I did!
this pastor is a homophobic racist person who compares gay people to pedophiles. THIS IS NOT THE 1900S
you dont need a big fat spirit animal to be embarassed...
What did you dream about last night?
no caffiene would kick my ass too  I'm addicted to my Dew
fucking awesome  I need to play that again
fuck you  dude. it is more than amazing.
lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
a semicolon sounds like some sort of gay sex act gone wrong
FUCK YOU!!!!! I'M DIVORCING UR FUCKING ASS!!!!! HMP!!!
cause this is week 2 in a row i have no hours. and i need to make money so i can at least make my car payment :/ it sucks.
 hey've just proved how fucking irrelevant they are  ..By making you go and read them?
hey fag why you gotta ask the whole world!? j/k your awesome
yeah :)
Sucky
if you don't know who i am  why follow me? get a fucking life and stop bitching about the past
My gluten-free  newly fat-free diet is also not avenaceous  though technically oats are not glutenous.
waldo. and helga. nahh jk  guys-lucas casey mclaine gabe jack dakota s. jake nathan girls- maddie cassie nicky
Yeah  and T-Mobile Germany offers unlimited Worldwide calling to other T-Mobile phones. USA only offers Nationwide. Sucks.
Yes as a matter of fact. why does that make me a one of those people??
I want to see a picture of you right before you decided to shave your head. That would kick ass  especially if you are crying.
How do they get the keep off the Grass sign on the grass?
Name something you do when youre alone that you wouldnt do in front of others.
I hate to point this out  but didn't you call Death Race awesome? DR will make my bottom 10 list w/o a doubt.
yeah cuz his show was on some wack ass arsenio for sports type shit  they need him in a jim rome type setting
id rather use it and get it over with online lest I have to call and deal with aural ass fuck that is a utility co's cust svc
fine... Here's a pic... of my grandmas fat cat. :P 
Damn. That is tired.
I always forget about Yelp  but it's pretty damn useful. Thanks for the tip!
 Wiggle Wiggle ... more like   I'm flying to your house... ripping off your dick. Then I'm going to drench it in Kool Aid.  GOT ME?!
i didn't laugh  fag.
Do you like Dina?
prolly not. but only because idk you and i have a bf so he's the only one i like to touch or smell my feet! sorry yo lol
I wanna get him a ring that means  ur a great kid to fuck 
aw  thanks. it's going better than yesterday  that's for damn sure. :-D
I lovingly call myself and followers  Twits  all the time. Hate to think I offend anyone though.
Camping with a ton of friends or hotel with a few friends?
still nothing.  Lucky for you I have the free time to hop on twitter and remind you that you still fucking owe me.
man Im coming to Santos tonight  ya'll sound like having a funky good time on a snowy ass day let alone a good day Im there
what is ur star sign
i REALLY hate you
That  too! Or even being able to park pulling in forward rather than backwards--I hate when the car behind me pulls up and BLOCKS!
i hate when that happens!
SON OF A .... bitch! hahahahahahaha
What's a word that rhymes with TEST?
yea
damn missing coffeeclub again. And this time really could have used a coffee ;-)
cause i just need to get my mind away from all the bullshit out here..im bousta say fuck doin music...just promote others...
Hey  don't knock the Port+OJ until you've tried it.As cold remedies go  you're still sick but no longer give a damn. ;)
a pussy snow
LMAO! He's horrible. The Beatles changed the fucking WORLD! And are still an icon to this day. Who the fuck are you?!?!?
dude...if u didnt tell me how 2 do this fucking thing(twittr) i wud prob still b lyk nowhere with it!
Fuck that  boo the DJs who don't play Che..Dude has at least 5 songs every DJ should be playin HEAVILY...DJs need to stop slackin.
that song is so emo to me
Whoa. Marc Blucas' new hair is a fucking crime against humanity. The horror. From loveable goof to douchebag  instantly.
i quit heroes. nathan is a fucking douche.
not bad haha:] ive had to take 2 minute showers before. ugh those are a challenge haha
Can you name one person who has the same first and last initials as you?
ummmm idk haha
awz cum ova
THANK YOU! It's not just me. Gay guys are hot as hell.
Do you think if we found another life form we'd try to kill it?
Do you like your living arrangement?
yew miss mhe lolss
why do i hate DMs? so many reasons... one is: you can't send them to someone if they're aren't following you. what a pain that is! :)
who diz?
..be invisible and punch mean people in the back of the head...
wat a fag....
I would but all I can see right now are those ass hole cockroaches.  *grumbles*  Sleep well!
Then she changed roles and she is a little less bitch from hell but still  her sting has too much barb.
Lmao that damn show is funny
truth on both counts that guy is an ass  and their product is sub par. I tell people try Dalesandros orJim's
well just go to the local whore house!
argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
how many cartwheels can you do in a row?
DO YOU GO WIT ANYBODY AT THIS MOMENT
favorite song?
not to sound amazingly  astoundingly gay (not that that's bad) but you sound like a man in desperate need of a few pillow shams
What is a question you have yet to be asked?
whos? ima slap the bitch.
I hate when it snows cuz people out here can drive!!!
they're not gross. U shaddup u fat ass HATER!!!  yes I made them for mark  my son.
i dont get t
Idk...i personally think makeup is unnecessary because it merely hides natural beauty
damn right
look at soulja boy  Many Many MANY ppl hate him and constantly talk about him  all that is free publicity
grape. still is :)
no  im tabitha jai locascio. myspace.com/tabiisaninja face book-  I HAVE NO CLUE WHO THIS CHEYENNE IS  so please send a link so i can see for myself  because i guess she might be using my pictures.
No...
nothing else to do in life.
hahaha dude you're a badass
lmao  a grown ass man having brunch is even gaaaaayer!
....oats<br>
Lol and thanks for the challenge  but I think I need to be a little less fat first. Didn't know   was local?
I have all th nerd at home and I'm a smart ass too. So I answered you
Ah. Gay!
damn clean plate and the cl;ean bones lol.
He's back from w.e the fuck he was lol
Wheres the fucking egg nog brah?
they have Mountain Song on GUITAR HERO? shit  i have to hate that song now
Tabi  text me?
fuck ohz... im thinking about it!
If Jimmy cracks corn and no one cares  why is there a stupid song about him?
ud lyk it if they suxd ur dick.bt id kill them rit b4 i killed u.
wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
that sucks. Why is your vision all messed up?
(; hehe that's funny I want to fuck your tight ass
jesus.
well if they hate you  are they still considered a fan?
Texas is the best state(: Everything is bigger AND better in Texas!!! Bahah
Have you ever been cow-tipping or snipe-hunting?
FUCK YEAH!
Yeah  I was teasing Dad  he got a new snow blower  and I said as much as I hate rain  I don't have to shovel it  get home and SNOW!!
Uhm.. Tilly's (:
I was gonna dedicate my 850th tweet to you but then I was all FUCK  I already tweeted! But it was to you anyway so it's cool :D
why is cory being an ass on erik's status
WTF emo ass lookin bitch  *sigh*
Hello  My name is Javeed. You seem really cool and I wanted to know if you wanted to have a coffee with me sometime so just reply at 1-800- Javeed :D  LOLOL Just kidding :D This is MsUnderstoodxxx again! And I love Jello strawberry to :DDD It roxx!!!
agreed. Continues to piss me off too.
i got ur ticks  but yo ass ain't gonna come! lol
What do you think Victoriau2019s secret is?
i got bioshock for chfristmas form him yay bt it sucks i cant play it 
how so you spend your Christmas eve?
Grievances are to be aired during the airing of grievances  not after I pin your ass. You'll have to wait until next year. :)
Nigga when you see me in the streets it's going down! chitty chitty bang bang  bitch ass nigga
i BET YOU WERE SILLY ASS! lol
fuck yeah bra
i was spanked but do not  only because it makes my kid behave worse  so doesn't work. not a lot does work-kinda sucks too.
 hahaha .. you're silly! but dayum it's 10:22AM and i'm still kinda limping from my hip hurting THAT badly .. it sucks!
I hate all my classes. None of them are interesting :( (Classes  lessons in US I s'pose)
emang lagu2nya emo? bukannya mellow? :D
oh gdnss  jus saw vlog. WOW  I met that fool yrs ago   MJ restaurant DC.  What a loser!
not sure how long i've been on seesmic but it's a love/hate place for me
I'll be a crab ass with you. BAH HUMBUG!
TABIAHHHH...
stop saying you hate gwen! Youposted earlier saying you love her! Ur hot then ur cold ur yes then ur nooooo
For the record  it's fucking freezing...
Damn! This is deadly  keep em coming! :P
Ready to Par-tay at Speedy Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve... will U be there? ;)
damn those cute puppies!! How many gadgets I have lost for them.
Pretenders come to mind! Damn.
who doesnt miss me lol (; VVV ewwwe my innocent mind
If you hate it...you may need to look for new friends in Baltimore. :)
*shakes head   you for calling Kitty a pussy*  He's a BOY  you know! lol
I have noticed that NY is trying to slim down myself.  aren't they posting all fat grams of all food?
hahahahahah :) im replying to this  what about you?
She says i have gubgivits? teeth thingies and she stole more blood. every six months with the blood stealing it sucks.
and  @rapperbigpooh. Was that Sheila easton? Nah...it was that chick that used to fuck with Prince right?
Thanks for the memo  if you would reveal your identity we could continue this conversation in depth :)
I would if i could  but i cant :(
YOUR A WHORE!
Don't you hate that! BL is always on when I'm eating dinner and having my relax drink. Ugh!
hahahahah this is awesome i know how to send messages to all my friends
Damn near indeed! But in the end  their youthful impetuosity gave it away. It didn't feel like SL actually won it  incredibly!
HAHA WHYYYYY do you hate my school!? NOOOOOO :(:(:
   that dude is a fucking PSYCHO. i turned down working for him and he told ppl that I DID and that i was TROUBLE.
nope never. would never.
doc's a dick.. ill manage without injuring myself.. self inflicted pain would be desperate..which I think I am.. Siiigghhh!!
Common is rocking them nerd glasses.
that sucks :(
Famous! Duhh Haha that means I would be rich cause I am famous hah commen sense! ;D
Thanksss :) who is this? :D
Of fuck. I'm so happy you guys are working  but don't get overworked. It does look pretty cool though.
the day after christmas and not yet :/ so I will be there early sigh fuck my life
Lots of things. My brother overcame cancer at 2 years old. That was prolly the worst.
What color is your bedroom carpet?
 run over my a Hyundai and ass raped by Clay Aiken.  I would so prefer it the other way around.
I both love and hate the sticks! I'm finally going home tomorrow.
your first time? you'll soon be sick of the damn thing...
Yes. Cause it would totally be awwesome as long as they didn't do experiments and stuff on me hahaha
Ya i fixed the name but i just made this cuz i don't like being anonymous ahaha sept when i make up lame pickup lines
-- damn homie ... in highschool you was the man homie. fuck happened to you?
cause this is week 2 in a row i have no hours. and i need to make money so i can at least make my car payment :/ it sucks.
well that sux donkey dick. No interwebs is kinda a pain for ur work.
I am getting brown sugar chunks and I hate that!!
damn that store! ~*Krystle*~
It sucks but at least my car wasn't stolen. right? haha. just trying to be optimistic here.
U can be a freak and not like girls.
APRIL
that sucks!
FUCK YES!!!! RING!!!
Fuck you and your snow! Or  bring some of it down here? ;)
I'm counting down the milliseconds til you OPEN THE DAMN BOX.  if I have the patience of a saint  you have the willpower of a GOD.
Im just glad im gon be paid to sit on my ass lol
Thanks for the ass-kicking ... getting sucked into Twitter. Needed that. And yes  reading is really tough at 90% MHR.
the only thing I hate about Nikon is the dumb Ashton Kutcher ads they run.
GOD.
GOOD! Now u can bring ur happy lil' ass over here  help me finish hanging this garland.  ;-)
hot damn! did you get an iPhone too?
that SUCKS.
Do you have a secret that no one knows but you?
and there were only 5 of us.. it was a night that i've already forgotten... damn the alcohol
freak'n awesome. so far loving 4.5. the browser is fantastic. and finally video  pretty cool
Would you rather be a famous musician or a famous actor?
the show just seems gay overall. what man would compete to be another man's friend? the hell...
I hate that I get scared and parnoid when my house is quiet
i've yet to be impressed with anything from his mouth. He was pissed I wouldn't drive from coweta to pick his drunk ass up
i may go with velour track suit.  just have to find one! because i hate shopping  even in the best of circumstances
i really like dane cook
Midway sucks.
Neat. Damn PS3. Maybe I can convince mom that dad's ps2 needs an upgrade for Xmas.
Do bald people get Dandruff?
i know you got some bama ass shit on your ipod somewhere... some Pastor Troy or something lol.
what do you like in 'YOU'?
get them all out of the dome ....NOW damn it...
I blame Alexx for making me put 'I love to say fuck' on my ipod
that sucks *hugs* :(
EXACTLY! GOT DAMN!
Nope im secretless.
posted the fat man version to the beyonce song.
wat! u playing drums! good shit! who da hell else has the ghwt set up? i need2bust there ass (no homo if its a dude that owns it)
You're very annoying
fucking buses. One drove straight past me on Friday night  and I was waving my arms like a windmill. Baaaaah!
and you're a smug cunt  so it must be true!
Fake ass Left Eye.
meeting friend for lunch/coffee. Getting hair cut (although I hate that bit) and my works do in the evening!
People are so fucking pathetic.  CHILDREN! Ughh~
Fuck that shit. I told people...  DON'T MAKE THAT ACCOUNT!  and someone had to do it. Fuck that shit.
then by all means  bitch away! haha.
Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because (it must be) soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
but   said i need to be more of a dick  so  here it goes: Stop tweeting so much! Gosh!! (ducks)
yea today was broke. Xmas time sucks.
Well damn  that means you working wit something!  Lol..
Sikeeeee! that nigga's a lil headbanger :)
yeeesss so much
i L o v e Y u h h     (:
it means  the fat beauty and yes lost 43 kgs thru heavy dieting n working out at the gym 6 days a week  that was 3 yrs ago
whats the farthest youve been away from your hometown?
except for joe jonas the ass munch who broke up w/our tyler via phone..kinda like doing via text  what kind of a-hole does that?
lol no
adangta kan jadi bitch ane. enough taa. aku marah ne  *buat muka mrh* esh
fuck you  man. you can pick on garden state  but leave pushing daisies alone.
hate you...it's freezing here...my nipples will freeze off before I get home
At the C's before I hit the hay. Still hate Boston?
Dude. That  Sleeps with Angels  song can straight up have my ass bawling. I also love the song  Hey Hey  My My  and Harvest Moon
What would your dream job look like?
you are a fatty fat fat
In order to survive 3 more days you need a small meal. There is nothing with you except your pet monkey... Do you fry up some monkey?
yeh you r right... how should the 1 be?? i have no bf too!:)
That's just one of many examples of Superman being a dick. 
that does sound gay. I never had that in year 12. And thanks!
What color leaf would you like to be?
whoever created chocolate pecan pie  thank. thank you for my big fat ass.
where in the World do you live ?? I am in Wyoming in the States
yet fear seems like a cop out too  i eat my words...Hate is ugly
Sorry about  ur bank trouble  but all that talk about ur Curvy Ass has me way to distracted to get anything done today.
k
What the fuck was that? Did someone puke in my ears?
hell yeah fucking losers lol
I hate you .. why can't I go to Vegas 
U FUCKING FORGOT THE HOTTEST PERSON ALIVE! BLAKE LIVELY! SHE'S THE ONLY ONE THAT CAN MAKE ME (ya know) WITHOUT TOUCHING SHIT
We just call that  whiskey dick. 
lol thankz
Re holidays prices going it  all of your reasons are valid but the real reason is because they hate me
Scars on my face? Are you threatening me? I don't like liars  threats nor unexplained coincidences. Kindly fuck off!
Not necessarily  while I do not agree with hitlers actions  he was a damn good general  and got germany out of a depression that
They do smell good. The girlfriend's cats were all over them  they can't work out whether they love or hate them
That's what sucks: I don't actually get to do it. I just had to prove I could plan it out. -KayCee
Haven't you seen Wall-e. Fat people... Ha
lucky pringle pop
damn you have really become an ordinary man... man that sucks ass!!! lol :P
Have you tried 'fuck' and 'Fuck'? (yes  they are different)
lick on these nuts and suck the dick.
I dunno  I hate it though.  Someone at work gave me a bottle and I was like =X thanks....
Nooo  combichrist DOES equal peace  damn you! Oh  January... Andy  here I come!
sonic
don't you just hate that?! Especially when it is over the most irrelevant crap
sure i guess.....................great question lol :D
Thanks. Nothing just watching  Jack ass  Are you having fun doing nothing over there?
i didn't laugh  fag.
I'll agree. That Michigan bill sucks double jeroboams. Like  exponentially! Those Michiganders are suffering enough already.
The potbelly has a big backyard. My Mom wd let my guinea pig run thru the house. She would repair the rug when it got chewed.
I JUST WANT THE DAMN LATKES
what your fave band?
sucks 2 b washed up.. gangstas paradise was the shit
heard there were 2do fairies tht come  do ur 2do list if u put a list by the freplce (kinda like leaving cookies 4 the fat guy)
leave u with this....at least my dick still on my body unlike your stacy bump STD ass
Like Zebra man said in rock n roll parking lot. LIFE SUCKS SHIT!
wee.. we are in the same field =) so you mean you haven't start college yet?
Isn't any way you file taxes the gay way?
haahar do u love taelin?
awwww. ur last twitters were kinda adorable. not in a gay way
did you see Mike Huckabee on Daily Show earlier this week? It got pretty intense with gay marriage topic.
nahhh.
yes. sacto cali- driving back to palo alto later tonite. eventually i'll get off my ass n shoot.
the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl (man  I hate corporate sponsorship in sports). Shit. I wonder if I could get work to fly me to Arizona?
don't worry. i love my niece and hate my sister in law. I think its like a rule or something.
hate u
I thought about how mothers feed their babies with tiny little spoons and forks so I wondered what do Chinese mothers use? Toothpicks?
lol nigga you think u can rap?
Korean american i guess. But im the whitest asian chick youd ever talk to :) ha
I hate FCC they are evil
You didn't imagine it. It was the  get away from her you bitch  climax scene being parodied.
What's the last play you saw?
HEY BETCH. wanna not be a lil slut?! please oh lordy STOP CUTTIN EYES AT ME!r cus she want me dead (;
I would not be proud of that. That just means you're a whore or a polygamist.
yeah i would say so.
yes. deja vu
it's emo because you used a razor. An explained joke isn't funny. :(
Correction: *Wannabe* fashionista. :)
Mabuti :) Out of bed at least  I had no energy forever. haha Just the bad case of a head cold I guess. Thanks for asking =]
N E V E R.
would you ever want to be famous? why or why not?
Dang like 6 or 7 years ago. Its been a while..
lmfaoooooo. JEALOUS bitches make me sick!(; so nicoo  ahaah what th fxck is up! :D
Ohhhh  jeez. That sucks... I hope she gets well!
timmeh?
Nope. I fell on my ass on the way home.
My Dick by Mickey Avalon or My Neck  My Back by Khia
is spreading hate and mistruths...somebody school him #gaza
no worries Ryan  I'll send some home with Kelly or else it'll end up on my ass.
u probally wouldnt fuck the others cause everyone loves shaun...... meh i dont.. but i think hes pretty cool tho :P
thats a good question.  most lawyers HATE that stuff.
Yeah  I totally hate you so hard right now.
My grandmother is a big bitch and my father's a fraking arsehole.
Not 2 fuck up my life. Ross
lol...hell naw...its the fine ass one!
Hah  next you're going to start demanding ass-grabs as payment for those Metronauts shirts.
being a nerd with a camera downtown 
damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
damn your evil 60 minute IPA beckoning me from the fridge right now...
ass balls... lmfao.
Please do...anything from you my sexy bitch!
0 degrees :]
... that is funny... not two seconds ago  somebody walked by office and said  I hate winter!   LOL
im fucking following edwards miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine 33333333333 ummm ya :) i wanna see twilight again :)
musta(mooosta)- a Filipino word w/c means how are you.. so  musta? :]
i love how every forum has someone fall over themself to make sure that everyone knows they hate lolis/moe/fansubs/mecha/yaoi
Damn! Sounds like heart attack inducing combo.
What is your all time favorite comedy movie?
fuck betty she killed me...
I had no clue...Damn  Homie!!!
he's a total loser spending his last howard stern money on internet sex
I meant ready 2 fuck:) lol Hope u have something wild and freaky in mind. I'm bored :)
Do you want to get married?
aw man that sucks!! was it your brother again? =( im sorry
do you ever think of an amazing song from the 80s or 90s or something and wonder if it would still be big if it was released now for the first time?
Damn straight I am!  I want to be 50ft!  I also want to play Barbarella.  I'd be much better than Rose McGowan.
shut ur bitch ass up! OBVIOUSLY its not the same but its not like her name is spelt out as Eveyln dumbass.
I thought about how mothers feed their babies with tiny little spoons and forks so I wondered what do Chinese mothers use? Toothpicks?
haha okay.r we are friends.
LMAO!   ur new pet...I thought u sent me a pic of a big ass butterfly...lol!
of course   is cold..he eats picked radishes all winter..if he had some whale meat he'd be fine..
I imagine. Another thing  every time I open the Reader  my subscription folders are ALL open. I hate that too.
Do you know how to change a tire? Change oil? Change a spark plug?
I never took you for a sore (at least for the players getting kicked in the goolies) loser LOL
haha ok it'll be our secret
no! I think UofA's navy jerseys on white pants rule.  And all red sucks. But seeing BYUs colors  I guess all red makes sense.
A BAMF is a bad-ass mother f*cker.
u r pussy. lulz.
Tommy blows cock! lol
yo peezy... celeb status already??? I mean damn.. it hasnt even been a WEEK YET!!! Eh..I dont mind and Im sure you dont mind :D
baha  actually  im going to go on now :) BITCH ARE YOU FUCKING STUPID? >.> the REAL ashlee has a proof video  your dumb  your probably just some old man behind a computer screen<3 go fuck yourself<3
try fuck.
Reminds me of another apt metaphor (Northerners say  fuck you  to mean  how nice  Southerners say  how nice  to mean  fuck you ).
I wanna butt fuck you. Cuz im a horny gremlin
fuck em then! heh
What experience has changed your outlook on life?
its like his fucking twin or something. Iuno it was weird.
This is not Krista for the last time I have no flippen idea who krista is
i guess i would gett fat  and have a baby 
JAYLA U TOK DAT DA WRN WAY MEANIN U WEAR PANTIES ASS ITS NOTHN SEXULA SO DNT BE THANKN DAT
absolutely. i think speedy WANTS us to do homework...massive tons of homework.dang it! i hate this semester's finals!!
if you actually are a vicious ass koala bear  better to find out now than later. or else you might get confused.
you're so lucky! Then again its understandable with the weather over there. Still lucky. I hate school =(
Did you ever play duck duck goose as a child?
Do you think that questioning things is healthy?
lmfao! See this why I can't fuck w u! U kno I'm dead offa that Al B Shep!....
ahh damn it: Action 12.1.5.0 of Microsoft.SharePoint.Upgrade.SPSearchDatabaseSequence failed. and i didn't snap shot my VM DOH!
...eatin' brownies like a retard! meah!
 If they would have cremated that son bitch I'd be tale grabbing his ass right now 
yuh got yer nosee piercedd!!
They say the garden of Eden was in Iraq. Then where is Hades?
LMAO. Vista isn't that bad. I did hate it  but on this computer I love it. You just need a faster laptop. Still using my n ...
cause i just need to get my mind away from all the bullshit out here..im bousta say fuck doin music...just promote others...
YEAH!!! I don't understand why people don't tell others about that kind of stuff??!?!? It drives me crazy. Everyone would want someone to tell them if it were happening to them!!
When you say you don't care  do you mean it?
Yvonne that's a french ass name Yvonne.  My little cwasont 
  and  @asthepumpturns. Yeah  I am a mean mean person. Horribly judgemental towards one specific victim. Poor guy. Retard.
that is one bad-ass Treasury! nice to see some new artists in the mix. I heart Charles Chuggypeg!
I'M THE JUGGERNAUT  BITCH!
lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
How sweet...Glad I could step up and be the the ass this morning!
That sucks dude!
Sounds like good times. I'm in the office until 7:00 and then I'll probably go for a run. I'm a fat boy getting fatter.
How the hell do we get in these money situations? Sometimes I just feel like saying fuck it and have them come for my car.
They say the garden of Eden was in Iraq. Then where is Hades?
damn  i'm trying to watch a movie...the tweets are going off the huck. :P lol just kidding  don't get pissed alright? ?:D:D:Dlololol
I love the new photo. Sexy  Gay Doris Day  in its own way
the epaper version sucks.. the image looks BAAAAD
I know...its so fucking ridiculous. XD
nope tabitha jai locascio idk who she is but she is a fake. :/ i use to live in idaho but i moved to texas
I'm on my way just to get gas and saw a 314. Damn it.
aww  I knoow  I hate that! :-P
yes
was just joking...hate people who act that way
can you travel around the world in 80 days
yeah we all call her a whore and shes all don't call me that! So i called her a slut. And she said im a tease! And i told her  ...
And we are having a pig roast and beef and goodies tonight before midnight with some of the people  I'm going to be dead tomorow
omg! that really sucks! anything serious?
me and justin are married  i am not divorsing him for you mr. anominous. hahahahah your probably a creepy old man... or lady..
Totally.  The ass end of my Jeep is not  but no life forms were impacted.
lol. seriously? Each to their own... me  I hate oysters...
ps...ur cute...ur good looking  your funny  your a dick  your an ass  your cynical. I LOVE IT!
How do you think the Obama administration is doing so far?
Grammar nerd.
Haha  damn him indeed
I am the master at skippping rocks!
Fuck  amen to that
lol...hell naw...its the fine ass one!
are you currently taken?
I should round house kick ur al qaeda lookin ass in the face with my flip flops!
Haha. Should we start in on pussy?
oh wow ohkay
hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up 3333 ya
Yes you are a loser... I could have told you that a long time ago...
damn kid...condolences homie 
How many times did you and that douche have sex
depends on how close we were at the time.
Blow it out your rank ass  cunt face cock-choking bonsai whore beast. LET IT SNOW  LET IT SNOW  LETITSNOW.
torture isn't realllly my thing. but anything jonas brothers would do im sure haha
<3 i love you!!!!!!!!!!!! LDS
aww that sucks man. you've learned a lesson for your kids... leave'em in the cold or spare key under the poinsetta pot
  i'm hammered and want you both at Hot Damn.
what's heaven for you?
hey loser!  you don't answer your phone anymore... are you channeling your inner stick and losing your phone?
me?
he shaves.
lol you'd go gay for Zac Efron
  damn! No kidding!
AND DAMN I JUST LOST /AGAIN/.
favorite color?
you know what sucks?  Family.  That's what sucks.
idk
Rooster is my bitch!
Damn me and my drunken twitters!  Lol...but I had a point.
I think you just answered your own question there. But yes  I did look like a retard.
Injections don't work in Vista? I tried in XP  didn't work there either  crazy bug or something :(. Damn you C++ Win32 API!
fuck the krebs cycle.
well... the giant carts slamming into your ass isn't SOOO bad. But the sample hogs are pretty gross.
Of course! :]
yo I only peeped the last 30mins-and I saw here and THOUGHT it was her but figured  naaah this bitch looks way broker  lol yikes
ummmmm im not sure
damn! Ok look  make the stripper pole look like a knitting needle and impale a stripper granny on it. That's the only way.
sorry for your billing probs--i totally hate those sort of messes...good luck!
I've been getting a lot of that Which sucks  cause I really need a job.I did get a random check from an old job for 100$ today though
Dude they dont finish enclosing the fucking showers. I hate half assed jobs. Whats the reasononing behind it? Makes no sense.
nice. rub it in hahaha
Do you prefer Scary movies or comedy movies?
Do you think it's okay for parents to push their beliefs on their children?
yea
ass.
I gotta say  I found it pretty damn funny too...
I'll love him in the biblical sense  just as soon as they chop his emo hair off.
Agreed. Fuck Twitter Grader and all it's kin.
do you under stand how much i give a fuck?
Are u a virgin?
no  depeche mode sucks ass as well. se my earlier tweet. 
well if i said slut i would have to include Fish in that category
or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
Who wantss to knoww 
hah! nice. gunther parties are the best kind of parties. :) next is rhianna. all those songs we hate to love. lol.
damn I wish it was 1 here so my day would almost be over; btw that Wiley track is my fucking anthem...good looks
your so fack  go suck a VAG!
what's the worst drink ever?
You know damn well your boss is going to leave early.  When the mouse is away   
Stop it! I keep thinking you're going to say he's here! Now I'm waiting vicariously through you! Dammit! I hate waiting for babies!
bitch you love me!
DAMN DAMN DAMN i cant see livesteez!!!!! :-(
let's get ready to rumble lol what a loser he is. Let's get ready to never give him the mic again
He's passed out in my bathtub. Only way I could restrain him: knocking his ass out and leaving him in the dark. :1
NO. You're in BATH. You worked your ASS off for this. You're coming home to GREAT THINGS. Have FUN FUN FUN. NOW.
WOW what a loser. I hope seth has some good male role models in his life.
no  it's all good  not hungry yet just want it to get done. I hate my stew not to be perfect lol
no grown man should include DIP in his sentence....lol...I know I'm hatin but fuck it I'm lookin   snow..lol
I hate ism's as much as the next guy but when the shoe fits...
lok u kan cum 2 my party 2nite bu u beta not lok at me or say nothn sexual at al i actualy fel sory 4 u
Have you ever bowled a strike?
damn I think I was going to write an adtrotrain article for you
I hate restaurants full of couples  involved people looking smug because they got a card/flowers n the pressure to be with some1
damn i miss that show already...we got like a 6 month wait...
outside. smile r inside. personality
the iced media party. Long ass day at the office  time for a drink or 3
I'M THE JUGGERNAUT  BITCH!
what was ur favorite song???
oh man. the malls are a mess  it grosses me out. ohhh capitalist dogma  how i hate you
freak passing shower. was walking by  then suddenly a few big drops came down. thought  oh shit  and ducked in just as it poured.
ugh that sucks! I couldn't imagine if that happened to my DVR!
but seriously...  WHY THE HELL ARE YOU STILL ONLINE????  Were you injured in god damn 'NAM or something???  GO!!!
goddamn it kj...fuck you 74 times 
lol how
hey sugar tits! wanna meet at night? ill be racing my evo..metallic blue with white stripe on top...i got tinted front windows too. look for me!
Sony Vegas  fucking amazing! :D
fuck right
haha no I'm just trying to fuck with him
my site doesnt hate iphones  it just prefers to not be seen with them in public :-)  Will check/fix over my holidays. Thx
i see you still like frances ;)
Can you skip rocks?
yes.
Obama doesn't support gay marriage  but doesn't support a constitutional ban  states choose.  
u in a good mood souljaboy why u in a good mood oh n i luv ur new song 'damn  like it hit   me bac
 yep  I'm a real ass. Everybody knows that.
I hate all my clothes at the moment too. That is why I like shoes and scarves. They always look good.
A gay couple getting married in NYC isn't going to change anyone's idea about marriage. Divorce has redefined marriage.
at least its not those nasty ass water bugs u had as roomates in Atlanta..Ew! Lol!
Take Ur ass home
LOOOOL TA PHOTO =D !tu as aim silvester ou pas  :S jamais bourr ensemble -_-' mais trop chr l-bas LOL et le GAY MDR  lieb dich
I need to get my grandma to teach me how to cook that they be so good. and them damn collard greens fresh out the garden
wow  bang bros was the ish...haven't watched it for a while tho! :). damn  now I wanna see that! LOL
omg  that sucks arse! I am so sorry =/
don't you hate that?  Though I have so much product to make by the weekend I wish it was Tuesday.
I've been messing around with some of the beta releases. It murders every other WP version (widget panel still sucks though).
I'm blocking you because you have no value. Go back to telemarketing  or some other loser marketing scheme.
suck my cock  bitch. i am allowed to be scared of whatever i want. *z snap*
Can you tie your shoes more than one way?
No....Always been happy....never quite gay...
Ew. That sucks :( Can you take it back?
I hate them. So much.
hmm..paris hilton
she took $60 from me  $50 from my sis 2 separate nights.  She says her stuff was jacked too.  Don't buy it. Betrayal sucks.
Damn!! I was hoping you were giving me good news otherwise!
:D thankyou  your soo nice :)!!
is a very naughty panda  always has her ass up in the air.
And by no one I assume you are including me...damn.
You must have missed the fag grapevine call about Eartha. I am sick. Going back to bed. Blah!
Would you rather work at a large company or a small one?
damn ur in Vegas already super trucker    www.TruckingRooster.com    
Yeah  it's bitter sweet. I see apps like Amarok and think  kick ass  this will be great  then I see it has issues with syncing.
no ya didnt iDidnt get a request
damn that sucks
Who is this?
well u say any language.. so.. coba tebak ini bahasa apa.. kamu ngerti ngga aku ngomong apa? ;)
He's an asshole. I'd fucking bean him  for love of the game. Not starring Kevin Costner.
what if it could be all 3 that would stink on 2 levels  but I bet it is a fat bonus  or ur picking up his backyard
I hate  Rag and Bone  so much.
hahah thankyou :)
faka... update your twitter you fucking homo sapien.
now THAT is really WT  fat from lipo to power your car!
i've been on twitter 1 week and am about 20 shy of 500. does that make me a loser? LOL LOL LOL
unless Adobe gets their head out of their ass Flash will die because mobile will be the dominant platform.
FUCK NO I AINT PARTYN LIK DAT JAYLA U STUPID
Wait. Are you Cheyenne? I sent a request to you? Wait  why is your name Tabitha?? R u fake????
Aah  he seriously is! Butttt i guess thats okayy! I love him too. :) andd  yeahh; pretty muchh! no doubt about it. (:
spamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspam SPAM
I just entered Ms. Single Mamas Kick Ass Christmas Contest  you can too 
That sucks. Are you alright?
Time's running out for them.  The Cboys will pull it off.  Looks damn cold.
It's just crazy. This boy is fucking up my sleep schedule. Probably why I don't mind too much. ;)
i REALLY hate you
yes  they have. any supermarket should carry it (trans fat free Crisco.)
bitch please your gorgeous
lol...i disagree...Dick in a Box got too built up for me. It's funnier now...but it wasn't when I saw it. :-( jiz in my pants rocks!
If you can be in a fairytale.. what story would you choose to be in?why?
Fat Boys have a new song?!
damn you have really become an ordinary man... man that sucks ass!!! lol :P
hehe  fucking shift  ... never heard of it in six months..... u get to fuck in da shift?
Considering half of my fucking company has been laid off this morning   MY BAD DAWG  might be appropriate
he won't wanna pet the guinea pig?
Exactly. Poor kids. That damn thing has me watching weird videos on YouTube now. Argh.
Dude. That  Sleeps with Angels  song can straight up have my ass bawling. I also love the song  Hey Hey  My My  and Harvest Moon
that sucks!
Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
damn kid...condolences homie 
lol wow...dick in a box! I love that song lol.
It is kind of silly that you can't copy text in the BB Gmail app. Not enough to make me stop using it though. :) I hate RIM's.
no it's the 3rd one but damn is it awesome.
He can be a nice guy  but he is such a dick when it comes to fabsubbing that it is ridiculous.
In fact I hate the after effects naps bring me. I feel worse and might sleep longer as planned.
I have 2 actually! Justin Bieber (ofcourse)  Scipio Mondai!
Oh man  that sucks.   can you help   out?
its stupid.
i hate people who update their fb status more than once a day unless absolutely necessary...tweets-thats what they're for!
you forgot to precede that tweet with the word FUCK.
lol Pre-Monday... ain't that the fucking truth.
YOU SHOULD DIE
1 year and 3 months
That sucks. I've escaped it so far  but you're right  everyone else seems to have it or getting it. I'm prolly next. Yikes!
DAMN! I'll wait a month before I send mine for a critique! LOL
Yep  we have a winner. I flaming gay winner.
I hate insomnia too. NyQuil works ok. Excedrin PM probably better.
dude that sucks. On NYE nonetheless. Got a sore throat myself  hoping it's not strep. :-(
but...but...to hate them is sin!!! just give me the ones you get angry with...i'll take care of them! hahaha
He's passed out in my bathtub. Only way I could restrain him: knocking his ass out and leaving him in the dark. :1
didnt u used to date matt carona?
im living it. i think nightmares are never worse. you can always find one scarier and more wrose.
nigella is a bit of a tease I reckon  imagine how fat you'd be stayin at hers
Do I know you?
yeah  im pissed. liek my body is tired  but my brain isnt  or is it the other way around? fuck idk anymore
I meant boo YOU whore!
I gotta say  I found it pretty damn funny too...
damn. lol. let me try something else. hot lesbian sex. nekked girl on girl. free porn.
Grew up a Habs fan  which meant I had to hate the Leafs when I moved to Toronto  which meant embracing the Wings.
I am Supreme Nerd. Apply for a professorship at MIT now!!!.
Man  fuck Alton-Darby.
aw man that sucks!! was it your brother again? =( im sorry
~santi~ 
damn  that was hard  my last attack: gnocchi! If you answer to this  you'll win
Vagabond.
Indeed. But the Collier conversation relationship head up your gleeful ass kumbaya stuff needs to be put out with the trash.
NO NO NO NO NO I HATE YOU.
cuz montana sucks?
Um...sorry  Yatty. HATE shopping this time of year. Do everything online. Good luck  though!
yeah  im pissed. liek my body is tired  but my brain isnt  or is it the other way around? fuck idk anymore
Well any planet in the universe would involve planets that aren't named to me yet...therefore yes I would :) love to go to a planet we've never heard of!! haaha Yes i would live there.
Do you eat all the servings in the food groups on a daily basis?
um da gurl dat hangs wit evelyn her name is katiana..cause i alwayz be hearing u talk about her do u like her?
and there were only 5 of us.. it was a night that i've already forgotten... damn the alcohol
Fuck you! Learn to surf NA!
so do i! especially rocket. I hate celery though
I ran a 300 customer hosting company for years on Apache.  I know how to set it up.  It still sucks ass.
mark Ya! Dick head old man!
damn  that's a really insightful way of looking at the structure and process of writing. Helpful  too. Thanks. :)
B!+(h !M  B3 PUMP!N D!S$Z D!(k !N Y0 3  S0 H  DAM BRUH I BUST3D A L0  0F CUM !N MA M0MMASZ HA!R SH3 MO!STURIZIN IT DO3. I P!CTURE Y0 VA   T0 BE3 ALL H @!RY N $$H!ZZZZ W @!T T!L  MUNCH ON DAT N  BROWN H @!RY H @!T!  PUZZIE
That Cole lyric made me think of: I'm a kreep  I'm a loser You're so very special  I wish I was special. 
But I say I'll be back gotta get some more coronas!!!! bahaha jk my favorite drink is dr. pepper :D
Wow! That sucks.
got to love a good sunset...  I just hate this time of year leaving work and it's already dark outside :(
i quit heroes. nathan is a fucking douche.
jerrrk.
HOW DID YOU MET YOUTUBE BITCH?!
When was the last time you slept on the floor?
Damn fucking skippy. I'm onthe same shit
So people are just ignoring me. :-( That sucks big time. LOL. Especially when I thought we were better than that. I see...I see..
damn  that hurts.  I agree w/   more scotch will cure all that ails you
I hate you
repeat.
I don't believe in a lot of specialty kitchen gadgets  but I cling to my potato ricer and my popover pan. Carb freak? :)
god a free cure show! damn!  I didn't know about this  I live close! ugh lucky lucky how was it??
You can stop voting now. Holy fuck. If only McCain had you on his side  and you were 18.
damn bossman  let find out u got 2 jobs. what are u  a single parent or somethin'?
careful with that excess student loan money -- down the road  it bites you in the ass. Love  an ass-bitten college grad.
Managing Group Politics With A Bitch  
Grr... having given up meat  this burger talk is killing me. And God knows I hate being even remotely identified as a virgin.
I miss your ass too! :0)
umm idkk..
dude you are such a fucken fagget ahahaha
kk
aw  thanks. it's going better than yesterday  that's for damn sure. :-D
call me? haha jks but sero iim so bored...............r u a pedo?
484 264 3364  you should call me.
finally someone reviews Death Proof and understands the film and why it's fucking awesome.
fuck continental!!! Though the prop plane was actually nice!!!
shut ur bitch ass up! OBVIOUSLY its not the same but its not like her name is spelt out as Eveyln dumbass.
lol no no.. we will kick the pig... (kick this thing off  do it  get r' done  etc.)
its more like 5 mins :) and i was delayed by a train ;)
oh man  I'm having a nerd heart attack
don't hate on ghajini. It was an awesome movie.
they don't do any of it. Them they try to front afterwards  like  I did this and that to him last night!  I hate when chicks lie
LMAO. I was very confused. What a bitch she is.
What would you do if you were the first person on Earth?
Have you broken any bones?  If so  how?
Damn if TJ doesn't like your music  it must really suck. This guy will cosign anything
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
umm idk haha theres a lot of them that i say alot lol.
It did  then my fucking dad turned it off. I just don't think it likes your movies. I was tryin to watch Nanny Diaries.
i didn't laugh  fag.
i'd love to visit (or live) in san diego cause of yr round warm weather. i hate cold so bad. crowds n traf would b my probs there
Have you ever been Ice Skating?
is totally kicking my ass. If I'd known he was so smart about life  I would have started going to him for $5 therapy...
Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because (it must be) soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
Gee  i might if the person running this hadn't been such a bitch to me. I'll focus my efforts elsewhere  thanks.
