Yeah  me too.  If this damn twitter wasn't around  I'd be much more productive.
damn iPhone keyboard. I find it astonishing that even in this era of social networking you can still be alone on a crowd
last nights Top Gear had V8 powered rocking chair  Fail. And Jeremy is gay.
sadly true  mens lifestyle walks a fine line between britneys bits  and articles about pectoral development for gay guys...
Why would gay marriage  change the basic structures  of your family life? It neither picks your pocket  not breaks your leg
Would it piss off Bill O'Reilly if I wished you a Merry Xmas and Happy Holidays?  I'm willing to give it a shot!
i was excited about seeing that until i remembered itv have the fa cup rights. god i hate itv
Yeah... sucks.. But yo  I tried to go to your webpage link but it dont work? And wut school u go to? Howard?
 hahaha .. you're silly! but dayum it's 10:22AM and i'm still kinda limping from my hip hurting THAT badly .. it sucks!
i know you got some bama ass shit on your ipod somewhere... some Pastor Troy or something lol.
It is totally rad  I assure you. But being a loser with no life outside the internet  few people ought to see you in it. ^__^
Wow  that sucks!
cool. But that fireplace looks totaly gay.
What!? Oh  that sucks!
I hate that  just finished round 4 of rough revisions for a client... can't they just be clear and concise at the get go?
How would they define failure anyway? People giving up and going back to reruns of The Biggest Loser?
I ran a 300 customer hosting company for years on Apache.  I know how to set it up.  It still sucks ass.
the early word is the spirit sucks... hard.  i'm a big fan of the eisner comics  but frank miller's take looks a little... meh.
damn that's fucked up Hawthorne is out of the way
And boycott that fucking bar if they don't carry it!
ugh  fuck the chargers!
haha  that's ghey. Tell them it sucks balls and they need a real designer.
Well good god damn.
i hate when i miss mac chats! grrr
there should be pictures of him at fucking otaku's cosplay section
all i heard for the last 2 hours was WHORE WHORE WHORE SLUT WHORE WHORE OH MY GOD WHORE WHORE
I heard it sucks... What do you think so far?
All those people who hate Hillary are the same ones who voted for her husband and loved her before Obama.  Just seems strange.
enjoyed reading your article  shame I have such a bitch for a boss ;-)
you  dear sister  are a freak. this heat sucks.
I hate that entire area of new york.
I've been getting a lot of that Which sucks  cause I really need a job.I did get a random check from an old job for 100$ today though
aye  it sucks when you end up in that situation where you don't know what to do book learnin' is anti fucked. imo.
bitch you love me!
bitch better save me one!
OKAY... HE'S GAY ;)
Damn. Didn't see that one coming. I must be getting old. 3 U 2  btw.
beast my pussy  bitch. LMAO...that's creepy.
follow me  you jackass. i hate you sometimes.
ahh damn it: Action 12.1.5.0 of Microsoft.SharePoint.Upgrade.SPSearchDatabaseSequence failed. and i didn't snap shot my VM DOH!
dude that sucks. On NYE nonetheless. Got a sore throat myself  hoping it's not strep. :-(
I remember when being snippy just meant I was trying to piss someone off... am I showing my age? :)
pls do....i was gon call molly maids up in this piece. i hate cleanin with a passion so early spring cleanin is some mf'in bull
hotel town whore is in the bed riding ol boy that treated her like shit and the freaky cop walks in the room
awww damn yeah....that really sucks!
lmao damn! thats all I can muster...
stop hating on the tube...its this damn censorship thats pissing me off more
bitch was craaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzy!
Cuz u wanna fuck ricky martin
nasty ass bishes
u in a good mood souljaboy why u in a good mood oh n i luv ur new song 'damn  like it hit   me bac
id die if he was super antsy i wanna request vacation and know when my shows r damn it first series anyway
I hate you .. why can't I go to Vegas
Ech! LOL....if it was me  I would wash the sweats at least twice...then again I hate bugs!
is het -5?! fuck..
THANK YOU! Beautifully worded. I'm so fucking sick of people just hating for hating. Everyone think they're so deep these days.
now who's the fucking hipster?As if you not dig Kanye!   heyyy how you doin'   the man has great beats+lyrics
they don't use Euros yet? damn lol
It could be pig's lips from a garbage bag! Perk up  buttercup!
if you actually are a vicious ass koala bear  better to find out now than later. or else you might get confused.
Considering half of my fucking company has been laid off this morning   MY BAD DAWG  might be appropriate
this job would be great if it wasnt for the fucking customers
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
I hate having to work ALL the time :)
I would have laughed so damn hard.
Damn! I need 2 get my pole game where that chicks is....um  but 1st Ima need SOME pole game 2 start with! LMAO!
i kicked ur ass on balloono A.K.A the bommer man thing i was lameguest(bunch of numbers)
aww damn now u know how much your Christmas present was *sobs*
I like some of the features it has over Twitteriffic. But it takes up way too much screen real estate. And AIR sucks.
fuck...  lemme know if you'd like to work at criagslist
and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min  out!
ditto bitch!
Fuck mod_Ella.....
who are you? oh uhmmmm HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU FRENCH WHORE!   Bed time last time im telling you 33333333 gots thats  ...
I read WP as WordPress but damn that is hilarious.
Ah  so it was tough to hear about over and over... That sucks man. Sure its been tough.
um  coz you're awesome? and on another note...yo gabba gabba is fucking disturbing
*giggles and cuddles* Its some kids show...that is disturbing as FUCK.
Isn't any way you file taxes the gay way?
My problem is that bankers and investors have taken risks regardless of being told how bad things could fuck up.
thx for the well wishes lisa! i hate taking meds  so i'm all for fast healing:)
and that makes you feel like  lifes a bitch ...  well in my opinion anyway :P
and cant expect too much he was recording til 2wks ago!! too damn shame when ppl just rush to make an album these days!
I'M SO SORRY IF YOU THINK MY TRACKSUIT IS GAY. VICTORY. VENGEANCE. FOR MY STONE CHAMBER AND MY SWORD. MY SWOOOOOOORD!1
Ugh. Probably the same brain-deficient retard who stole my name on Youtube  Gaia  and all the faggy sites. How old is she?
lenee  that bo*o ass incense you gave me smells like an episcopalian funeral. lol! choked out saturday night  etc.
Be prepared for Toro to be a comple ass...
Fukin sun's blinding.... Reflecting off my damn phone screen
jealous! I will still hug u  lick ur face off  grab ur ass  and dry hump u a little bit when I c u.  Whatever!
((((((((((HUGS)))))))))) I love you tons and life totally sucks right now! I'm in it with you! LOL! xoxo Karen
HAIR PRODUCTS? I hear Hair Products?? lol i hear your getting beat up us girls do stick together...against them bad ass boys
hey you know wat wud b funny? to find out who started tht lil cheap ass lie tht if u roll ur eyez they'll get stuck like tht! rndm
damn your Jedi mind tricks!
lol at zach telling us google is evil and the translator on msn is fucking prime.
If you guys are having the problem that pages aren't fucking loading  then I'm having the same problems too.
drawing a blank... damn! will have to watch it again now... oh well...
the only thing I hate about Nikon is the dumb Ashton Kutcher ads they run.
be careful! Hood pigeons don't give a FUCK and pack heat! I've been robbed by them on countless occasions!
you smell like the insides of a beluga whale's forehead
dude so weird  i feel like good will stole one of my best friends too  Damn the man
makes you feel cheap doesn't it.  I hate that clients use these things...
that sucks.  I do both at my work  which is a pain the rear-end too  because everyone thinks they're designers ;)
damn work fire wall. can't go to myspace. :(
that sucks that the internet is being twitchy. Hope it works soon. :(
yeah. subconscious sucks sometimes. always telling me what I'm doing is wrong. Most of the time it's not. :)
man  that sucks. need any more balls kicked? i'll do it!
ah damn man! Good Luck!! You can do eeeeit!!!
Yvonne that's a french ass name Yvonne.  My little cwasont
I still think you should be prouder of the  Fuck fuck fuck!  but  Rock!  is pretty good. When will you be teaching her  FUCK YEAH
Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
I'm at a high school that I fucken hate. I can't stand these people  but my sister has a concert thing so I have to be here
oh no!! that sucks!
oh bugger at car screaming.. that sucks.... glad to hear the rest was all good
Who would be ur premiere Ultimate Dumb Ass?
except now they have his crazy ass son to deal with  probably.
oh! I saw the ex earlier. Asked if I  fancied a fuck  before he left the hospital. I politely declined.
we all fucking know better.
haha cunt.
I hate him.
damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
I especially hate it when they make me lift up my feet to sweep under my desk. Sigh.
it sounded a lot like that  actually. Fucking Hagrid.
you ass. Yay Walmart!
Definitely. I hate crowds. Angry  out of control crowds. I would rather have a root canal (and I've hd one or two)
damn --
that's why I throw a hard ice grill at him...no words...get the ticket and get the fuck out cause I've never had luck
Fuck you Ian  I know you're using a joke book!
Honey  we all hate long division.  Look for things to hate that make your personal hate list special and distinctive.
whaaaaat! Who the fuck??
Not really. Atlantis was okay. Old Star Gate on now. Was about to watch Numbers. Might do Sudoku instead unless u ready u fuck :)
I meant ready 2 fuck:) lol Hope u have something wild and freaky in mind. I'm bored :)
My pussy remembers what u do! Lol :)
NO NO NO NO NO I HATE YOU.
yep...that whole damn mixtape gets me hype lol
Damn Girl! Aww  that'll be cake at the rate YOU are chalking them up. Nice seasonal pic and awesome tweets btw.
you're assuming they can presently afford them?  leverage is a bitch.
please get the fuck out of my house
damn missing coffeeclub again. And this time really could have used a coffee ;-)
*looks at who is following me on twitter then remembers i dont care* OMG such a fag.
if i get scared ill be sure to throw u in the way so u shiver in terror and piss ur pants like u already did
bahahaha i love you. and ugh i wish i was on my way to va with   fuck the weatherr.
they look SO dumb. and omg i hate cassidee. ugh. just ask   LOL ;)
You're a pig  you have a curly tail  for crying out loud!!! And you dare laugh at mine???
Welkom  Dat Apple freak deed me besluiten je maar te volgen :)
too right XD Gordon Brown can officially kiss my ass! Freak!
:( PS3's are fantastic devices. Kicks XBOX's ass :D
that SUCKS.
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
DAMN tootin'? Seriously? I've heard DARN tootin' and even DERN tootin'  but not DAMN tootin'! you kicked it up a notch.
that sucks;{
i still feel bad. I woke up at 2 am and was like fuck! Then i saw that carly called
makes sense and glad that it's shifting (even if geologic).  hate that kind of snobbery.
Charisma Carpenter is a CUNT.  I also told her.
Damn straight I am!  I want to be 50ft!  I also want to play Barbarella.  I'd be much better than Rose McGowan.
Oh no. I hate that!
you said  sucks  and I said why does it suck? LOL
I'm 1/2 with that  as a Realtor  my other 7/8ths would like 2 C stimulus 4 the housing market.  Damn'd if you do  Damn'd...
Time's running out for them.  The Cboys will pull it off.  Looks damn cold.
Pretenders come to mind! Damn.
I thought the same thing  he should have just hauled ass.
lmao  a grown ass man having brunch is even gaaaaayer!
I just read ass pet a cat.  Adam...that's just wrong.  :P
....i make an ass out of my self  sad blushy face*
aww that sucks man. you've learned a lesson for your kids... leave'em in the cold or spare key under the poinsetta pot
try fuck.
nigga I'm DYING over here reading this sweeney interview.  anybody that aint me is a bitch  CLASSIC
Well damn  that means you working wit something!  Lol..
LOL- I know how much u hate traffic- just know it was 10 times worse last night :)
fashion parade. (damn sneaky mousepad enter key thing.)
Damn it  how do you ALWAYS post the cool links first? :-) (Catching up on today's tweets.)
I HATE that. I have a rhomboid  almost triangular 'washcloth' from learning bark sedge stitch. I use it to scrub the bathroom.
I haven't started mine yet and don't know that it's happening. I'm a card freak  though  so probably I will send something.
bad mood. i think its bedtime. i hate alcohol it ruins everything. :( hey what u doin 2night? x
But surely  i need to improve on the digestive front. Ain't any fat panda :P
damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
ham stands 4 hot ass mess
yeah tneezy gonna hate it...   sorry boo u 1 day late!
 Do you HATE Cleo!?  Let her win for once  you're breaking my heart!  ;)
 More DnD podcasts!?  Fuck YEAH!
you dont need a big fat spirit animal to be embarassed...
HER ass is on top
is a very naughty panda  always has her ass up in the air.
I iz calm now  cept I can't figure out how to properly edit my wordpress templates. NERD ALERT NERD ALERT.
DM. damn.
ignorance is my guess  but this could very well turn into a nerd rant  and that would get   all worked up
Predictability Sucks!   WHUUP! (not being predictable)  Kev
I HATE IT when that happens! Usually when I'm in a hurry :-/
Damn I also like Ferrero Rocher dark chocolate version.  They induce the zits on my chin :'(
Thanks! I'm not familiar w/ the  nerd heard  language. You should add #NH  so I can say #WUW #NH  @craigsanaotmy!
btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
been here more then a hour just to get my vegas shit back damn slow service shiat
45 windows and only 12 open and about 30 people on break I mean I want 23 a hour to do not a damn thing
1) i can't stop laughing at how's the meows sound like cat o-face screams. 2) ugh  so bummed i missed out. another gay? (:
the boy i'm talking to is a ravens fan. every time he ends a text with  fucking bitches   i can assume that they're losing.
Haha no  I mean that I love the money  my coworkers  but hate how much time the jobs take up. It is fun to hate them though.
and i look emo too cause i'm wearing like all black and shit and my chains are hanging out XD i need guyliner
i had eyeliner on once but it kept smearing cause i'd fuck with it too much
Damn dog  didnt call them like I said to? Well I is working till around 9ish
How the hell do we get in these money situations? Sometimes I just feel like saying fuck it and have them come for my car.
Like Zebra man said in rock n roll parking lot. LIFE SUCKS SHIT!
Way to go loser  how does it feel to be an inanimate objects bitch? Must feel terrible to NEED something to be normal. Shame on you!
Maybe  I would have to stare at your face for awhile while I do it  that would be gay..and weird...and creepy...sort of
I want to see a picture of you right before you decided to shave your head. That would kick ass  especially if you are crying.
well clean the damn floor!
I have news 4 you this whole month is going 2 suck ass  I hope u like banquets n ramen cause thats whats on the menu this month :(
gahhhhhh....I hate them. HATE THEM. They come in on the pipes and through the heating vents to keep warm. BOOOOO.
I've never seen Wall-e. Yes  it's a hole  I know  but that doesn't mean you're not a huge nerd.
That sucks. But what kind of parent buys a toy because it's HOT? What about the kids' personality and taste?
Hey  don't hate on NC.  They got bought out by PNC and alot of people are losing their jobs.  Cleveland has a sad face...
  hate me for it later  but it's not bad
HAHA  that did brighten my day considerably.  How about on the one day of Christmas my broke ass got my gf gift cert to Chili's
damn  I'm moving south.  Cleveland has it for 1.69/gal
 Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
hmm didnt even know they existed...no wonder i feel like a complete retard when i cut stuff with a scissor
Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaff(house) then
Wow u in love wit her? U gay 4 her?
no im definately a bigger nerd than you.
you are sucha nerd! Love it!!! V(^_^) haha
if I ever fall alseep with them on  I wake up with the off. Hate them.
 Text me bitch!!! :)
People are so fucking pathetic.  CHILDREN! Ughh~
that's ri god damn dick ulouse! Tasty though. Haha
that sucks :(
psh bitch I'm at work running 2 trains with a 70 minute wait stupid kids and dumber parents I don't wanna hear it
it's cos we're old now. sucks.
....you gone wind up fucking her (is that what u wanna do  shawty)
yeah fuck it kill um all!
!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK YEAH YOU DID. 3 3 3
you know fuck it I'm doing  Jew-Boy money
you know what  fuck it I'm doing  Jew-Boy money
Love You  Man  Not in Gay Way or Anything :)
I love you the way   loves me  not in a gay way or anything :)
I'm all about peace n positivity  but sometimes you gotta give a little kid an ass whoopin'
yo why u always tweetin' about boy problems ?? Fuck nikkas  get money  stay focused son!!! I know you a Hustla  Hard worker!!
trust me dog I dont even FOCUS on females I'm so focused I got NO time for these broads the opposite sex will fuck a persons head up
that's what I was JUST tellin' myself !! Hahaha I said  Fuck it Kel  just DO IT and get it DONE !!  But I complain the whole way
These fuckin FOOLISH ass atheletes !!! 35 mill down the drain    not to mention a great Giants season..WHY ?!?!?!?!
because like everything you do  its ASS Backwards !!!!
I have no idea why I live here. It sucks in the winter.
I hate you sometimes. lol
I don't hate you all the time. Just sometimes. Not enough to unfollow and block you. lol
so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
YES!! she'll call me and be like get your ass out of bed and then she'll name a list of bs for me to do
OMG that sucks! D:
Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
i hate this this sucks butthole im so mad im pissed i told that person not to tell
I guess everything's alright but I hate this still.
yikes. That sucks. Sorry to hear that.
Haha  damn him indeed
Long enough to know you're an ass! You could see that jellyfish shit coming though..
I get your tweets on my phone and my ass was just vibrating like crazy lmao
ah sucks  maybe Redcliffe then  I guess it depends on what time I get up tomorrow haha
that sucks :-(
that really sucks :-( I could have recommended you an amazing chiropractor!
less drugz mo sleep bitch!
  You guys are in the same fucking house and using twitter to talk.
I fucking hate Rachel Ray.
I haven't been online all day  whore.  Trust me... one post from me is going to be more than you want at your house.
i hate hate hate being snowed in! (how's that for a sum up?)
damn! you packin heat!
thanks sugar  i get a little sensitive here and there. damn holidaze!
i quit heroes. nathan is a fucking douche.
careful  soy joy will give you bitch tits!
jacob sucks  i hate the werewolves  im with the vampires GRR
I blame Alexx for making me put 'I love to say fuck' on my ipod
I am slighty mad at perry.  he can lick me ass!!!! loll
can you help clue me in on how to connect all facebook etc? thanks for coming last nite hope you didnt hate it lol
That's a damn shame  because they don't do veggie burgers. :)
THAT WAS THE MOST  MOST BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS CARD I HAVE EVER RECEIVED.  I MEAN  DAMN.  80
omg who sent you a fuck you letter??
Does he have favorite characters? I'd hate to get him the guy he hates :)
That sucks... Can you use it on your iphone?
I know  I really wanted to go to the show  but I gotta be responsible. I was in class w/all the idiots. I hate them all!
Know how you don't smell perfume you use a lot after a while? Same phenomenon w/stink. How else can you explain pig farmers?
can I have some?  pizza in NC sucks :)
yea school sucks sometimes. thanks bro figured id mess around on here to waste some more time from studyin ha
Ummm...was that our little brother's ass? And you dare judge me?
The dam  @chilis? Is this like the pig under your tree? Have you cracked open the chard already?
YES ROCK BAND! Only it hasn't come yet  fucking postman. Totnes was brietastic.
FUCK YEAH!
yr gay voice =]
Oh it's pretty much public knowledge that I hate shaving my legs. Or at least it is now.
Stop getting so damn skinny and maybe your pants will fit! =P
wow that is damn ridiculous.  I think i will be crossing off dubai for places to visit.
Lulz. OK. Internet Explorer sucks.
  everyone kind of just disappeared after the food  I'm not leaving it there for some jelly-bean givin jack ass to take!
I'm just gonna start the emo kids who pretend-to-cut themselves clique. I can be found in the library playing WoW if you need me.
mussels? or muscles. Damn web-people.
BOOO!!! We missed out on date night. I hate the Tinder Box.
I still hate the Tinder Box... It hinders our couple social circle. Thank God the holidays are almost over.
Frat boys think  good game  afterward means they aren't gay. Doesn't make 'em str8!
~ wholeheartedly agree that NYE music entertainment sucks!
yo fuck that dude 4 realz!!! it was allz cuz u  me    animal    marc delicious  were so stupid-ass-rodimus prime fantabibulous!
Marc got home ok...but said he might've fuckied his rim up. I told his ass the pierogies  sausage wwere gonna knock him out....
u know it was over $1200 2 get that bar replaced. George is gonna take that outta thier ass LOL
checked out the link. Holy ass...i think that fairy had seen that vid a million times cuz he was damn close! LOL
dude  that kind of sucks.
pimping your blog again  but damn funny.  specially including Connex
I can't help that you keep looking for gay midget porn on YT. The volume is too loud for you but I like blaring my Celine Deon.
holy shit I'm not even taking that class  and I hate it
my lungs are fine  but my legs are like  bitch  your ass is heavy !! let's stop
that sucks man...
You are a Linux whore!
you must REALLY hate Christmas then!
I listen to a lot of really weird music  and I hate most of what's on the radio  so it's not really for me.
I have both now. iPhone camera sucks as well as lack of other things  but email  twitter and apps are good. Big screen is nice.
you can do video after jailbreak. But still it's not a patch on the n95 camera. I really hate the iPhone cam.No settings at all!
Watching the Biggest Loser. I'm amazed by weight gain or weight loss.These people are losing 5  10 20  30 lbs in one week.Amazing
I don't hate you. My last partner was 130 lbs and I got him up to 165 lbs of solid muscle. I hated him 4 looking better than me
I hate to keep sending this link.. but you never got back at me.... Whats good..
gotta hate those fake posers
I hate insomnia too. NyQuil works ok. Excedrin PM probably better.
 @maddow. where is that big gay planet? can I go there now please? someone please fucking segregate me off this rock.
No. Being  down  5lbs is a bad thing when you're a scrawny nerd who's trying to bulk up. :)
Hahaha  Testosterone Man!!!  I met Mega Bitch Soccer Mom the other day. She took the time to stop  honk her horn   flip me off
i forgot about the clothes haa. i cant wait to get my ass in2 my skinnys! :) i belive im also getting 2 pairs of pjs. scorreeee!! :L
it's emo because you used a razor. An explained joke isn't funny. :(
It sucks!!! My kitty (adopted alley cat) only knows how to potty outside  so I was freezing my arse off trying to get it in. LOL
WOW what a loser. I hope seth has some good male role models in his life.
I spent all last week with that damn song in my head. :)
what an ass  who the hell says things like that. I'd report the fucker
True! I hate people who're full of themself! That's one of the reason i love mcr  they're humble and down to earth...
WHATTTTT O________O omg.....nahhhh i hate roller coaster and im extremely scared by this shoot......
LOOK   UR TEXTS OR I'M GONNA FREAK OUT   U!!!
Funny that the guy's last name is Dick...bwaha! :-D
unfortunately i do =( it sucks!  i have my  2 last finals 2mrrw bc we had a snow day that other friday. i dont wanna go back!
i hate school =(
OOGA BOOGA FOOCHA FUCK YOUR WHOLE DAY!!!!!!!!
Oh sad faces :( I hate it when that happens! Reading in bed usually helps me...
that sucks!
   I hate calculus... :(
what a loser. :P
1) it depends on how u come at me. 2) if my 1st impression of you sucks I prob won't be so warm  bubbly. I'm mean though.
He's passed out in my bathtub. Only way I could restrain him: knocking his ass out and leaving him in the dark. :1
Naw. I gave him tomorrow off. Fuck  my carpet's a mess.
Wow  that sucks  work at home day?     I couldn't agree more  good day to be under the covers  relaxing.
That sucks..  Stuff working yet?
damn man kn frnd e
damn man kobaa e ??? :O
u stll up drinking bitch?
damn. lol. let me try something else. hot lesbian sex. nekked girl on girl. free porn.
haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
damn right it wi be!
damn that store! ~*Krystle*~
you order pizza that much they have you on speed dial. damn.
THANK YOU! It's not just me. Gay guys are hot as hell.
yeah  it sucks. 6 yrs down here  realizing we dont get snow. just ice. and nobody can drive in rain  let alone ice
then ur game sucks. no crue  not buying it.
or maybe go see bolt tonight? or both? don't know if you're busy for white whale stuff... but it's my bday. let's celebrate
sam are you showing in 'in sequence' at white whale on friday night? I wasn't sure... since you'll be out of town for the opening
Sucks 4 you!!!!!! Your just not a lucky ducky are you? First your phone  now this!
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
i literally could not breathe. that was so fucking scary.
Not to me :/ damn though. i hate being sick.
I hate my life haha
P33T WIFF HIS BIG GAY TEEFS!!! BRYCE FROM TRS AND HIM SHOULD HAVE BABIES AND THEY'D HAVE AMASING TEEFS
Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
ps...ur cute...ur good looking  your funny  your a dick  your an ass  your cynical. I LOVE IT!
damn! Ok look  make the stripper pole look like a knitting needle and impale a stripper granny on it. That's the only way.
no it was a direct Church of Why Don't You Bloody Well Piss Off
of course   is cold..he eats picked radishes all winter..if he had some whale meat he'd be fine..
damn that caller ID
yes. sacto cali- driving back to palo alto later tonite. eventually i'll get off my ass n shoot.
oh lol gotcha... well i'm a fruit freak. i don't like melons  strawberries  the list goes on.. one day in heaven i'll like it all
lol no no.. we will kick the pig... (kick this thing off  do it  get r' done  etc.)
damn your hardcore! My legs are complaining from the simple long walk I went on yesterday. I've neglected them over the winter!
It is amazing! But  it kinda sucks when it makes you late for work  lol.
burritoville is dead? What the fuck?!
me too. So entertaining. Dude you watch this mvie called trailor parl of terror. Fucking brilliant.
aw that sucks.
How does he feel about marmite? Love It or Hate It?
ROTFLMAOOOOOOO WOW...Cumleone? Cum Alone? Oh sorry...thats funny though.
why does eueryone hate american eagle? wat happened?
yeah it sucks i know  she was one spankin hot mofo
Now I have to try my best to get my ass blocked by  @souplantation.
Wow  what a fine uke.  It's tempting  but I want my charango with 10 strings and damn near impossible to play.
got to love a good sunset...  I just hate this time of year leaving work and it's already dark outside :(
bojangles? damn you! so jealous.
Whatever... I just hate how the popularity of bands seems to inversely affect how much people are allowed to like them
Lazy ass :)
Ugh  the bane of my existence.  Hate them.
damn you for getting the comics up early again o_o it gives me nothing to do before school in the morning D:
wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
yet fear seems like a cop out too  i eat my words...Hate is ugly
Connection interrupted. God damn.
fuck the krebs cycle.
like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
Haha. Cool. Just sucks that we have to wait so long for season 2.
Damn! Sounds like heart attack inducing combo.
like jealous toddlers  equal change to excel When a person DOES excel  other ppl bitch&whine  bc it  makes them look bad   The
damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
work stressing over this damn AE meeting we are having   11am.
Warm Mt Dew tastes awful. :/ Try Jolt Cola instead. Or maybe even Whoop Ass.
it means  the fat beauty and yes lost 43 kgs thru heavy dieting n working out at the gym 6 days a week  that was 3 yrs ago
oh damn! anyways next time...DM me ur number or soemthing
stop saying you hate gwen! Youposted earlier saying you love her! Ur hot then ur cold ur yes then ur nooooo
I'm on my way just to get gas and saw a 314. Damn it.
get some damn sleep! Sleepy Time tea is my savior  serious
I want beach now. Damn.
sorry  you have no cred. Two words: pig ears
and somehow I still wish I was there  pig parts and all. Amazing.
I send you a hug ma. That sucks! 08 was full of some fuck shit  I'll say that.
I hate you
 Fuck yeah!
LMAO!   ur new pet...I thought u sent me a pic of a big ass butterfly...lol!
at least its not those nasty ass water bugs u had as roomates in Atlanta..Ew! Lol!
Ok..ok I c u! Take it back on they ass why don't ya.. That sounds super CUTE!
I hate giving little kids antibiotics...10 days 2 a day and important they get it all down...impossible!
some kid made copies of the questions and a teacher looked at it...fucking dumbass he/she screwed it up for all of us.
alright. The test is on Monday and I'm gonna be studying my ass off.
lmao that sucks.
I hate when that happens!
Wendy's  Oriental Chicken Salad w/ grilled chicken.  Way good.  I think it's 20 grams of fat just in the dressing  tho! Argh.
:-( Yucky needles. I hate those ones with a special sort of passion! *hugs* Hope it's over soon with the needles.
Courtesy of the Canadian kids magazine Chirp: How does a sick pig get to the hospital?
and holy crap  that's a long time!! D: that sucks!
Now I'm gonna have to go back to McLuhan  Leary to help me translate WTF you just wrote.  Damn  I hate when that happens.  Heh.
That's...so gay it's painful.
ooo tht sucks...happens to me all the time when I drink 5 hrs...
kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
I'm up too! whoopee fuck! not hung over AT ALL!
so fucking angry all the time
It's got a core of uranium  some damn thing  I don't know. Gets up there like Sputnik.
That ALWAYS happens to me! Damn skype.
Thanks  Ulrike! :) We'll make sure to nerd it up!
sorry i missed you   Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy  I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
fuck them!
damn now i want some au gratin!
Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
I both love and hate the sticks! I'm finally going home tomorrow.
hahaha i don't hate german  just a couple of germans. Guten morgen!
I'm gay and I'm pregnant gak mungkin berhasil. This guy is persistent. Gmn ya. Can I just simply ignore his msgs??? :-D
NOOO EP!!!! That really sucks! You should hve jst waited in the car...lol!!! Hopefully it;s dark in there  no one looks dow ...
I just wanted a fucking money order and it took 40 minutes to get it. They won't even look at you if you're on your mobile phone.
I hate games like this. All these people shouldn't be going down.
lol...hell naw...its the fine ass one!
i call it  hey-dumb-fuck-guys-stop-trying-so-hard  advice
hate? i was congratulating you  your a humanitarian!
well clearly the shoe purchase is more impressive  because ITS A FUCKING SHOE!!!
fuck sleep you gotta stay up late so u can see santa!
that's great. def down on carbs + fat. counting cals in and out is working perfectly. the big difference is my mindset. thanks!
yeah my son works at Barnes N Nobles...played the mamma mia soundtrack overNover- they all hate it now but sing and dance along!
what the fuck do you have to apologize for??
fuck you op
    Just so you know  I'm staking my claim on etherist. I am in full on crush! Sucks that he's married. :P
He doesn't seem clueless to me. He seems sweet and cute and witty and eloquent and charming. *swoon* Damn the luck.
Arrrgghhh! I hate him!
Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because (it must be) soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
Oh  I would hate that too.  Three apps? That would barely get me started.
I don't believe in a lot of specialty kitchen gadgets  but I cling to my potato ricer and my popover pan. Carb freak? :)
if gov is going to make it  uncomfortable  to be fat  expect it will work  shouldn't they also make it uncomfortable to be poor? #tcot
oh  i hate it. self righteous people makes me want to scream.
I hate you so much right now.
Aah! I actually hate you!
Gah fuck off  tainting my private account with new followers. xD
fucking buses. One drove straight past me on Friday night  and I was waving my arms like a windmill. Baaaaah!
good u an ur no sharin ass LOL
Damn fam... if I was  a hater I'd be jealous... lol
You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
Hell yeah!!! And the best bit of movie dialogue ever..Jason says  I am NOT the gay!  ... OK Jason i belive you ;)
Damn near indeed! But in the end  their youthful impetuosity gave it away. It didn't feel like SL actually won it  incredibly!
i was able to connect to may exchange with apple mail after they enabled active sync for my iphone. i hate entourage... so much
Hints in icing are bad or good? Skywriting sucks unless the hint is a very short word. I'd suggest a delicious tag for nerds.
  I HATE THAT...
people hate to admit emotional decision making  though. manipulative  some think. the uphill climb of personal branding...
oooo thats not fun! i hate those things  the orthodontics people are mean to me!
weird.... Nick are you going emo??????
lol!!!!  I used to be the wknd assignment editor and would get mail addressed to  Weekend Ass  I didn't know how to feel.
I hate to harsh your buzz  but every game on the iPhone can roll the bones by shaking. Do not pass go  do not collect my $7.99
argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
coincidence my ass... LOL... But it's a good suggestion so it'll go in the hat... Singapore would be interesting. 5 more...
Dude  oh no U didnt! I got 4 DM's within 4 minutes of me saying  ass ... imagine what would happen if I said  fuck ... oh crap!
that really sucks!
re: why friendfeed sucks  no doubt a powerful utility but with a high learning curve and non-intuitive user experience
you asian!!! I hate asians!!! Bahahahahhaha!!! Jk! I am well on my way to getting fucked up!!! See you next year!!! Hahahahaha!!
I hate you...
I'm counting down the milliseconds til you OPEN THE DAMN BOX.  if I have the patience of a saint  you have the willpower of a GOD.
totally loved Odo. But the Ferengi make my skin crawl. out of all the species  they're the ones i hate the most. yuck!
ahahahaha so right. Im fucking freezing my ass off here.
Im so jealous. But I'll be eating that same rice pudding in 9 days. Enjoy the fuck out of your trip
all the emo people will explode :o
and biggest. That would be a bad-ass name too. At least his middle name.
sweet. I'm too chicken to read it cuz I hate  spoilers ';)
hate  can'r do  atitude. can do works almosr all the time.
Damn. Oh well  I can't raise my hand for every question. ;-)
I'm laughing at your  Don't hate me  please.   Can you imagine a man ever saying that?  Not to be gender specific  but...
damn I'm behind
because i'm a dumb ass.
because i'm a dumb ass.
lol! hey  stop being modest.  you OFTEN are a hot bitch.  :)
but they love me for it. none of them giggle. its a love/hate thing they got goin with me =)
 I hear what you sayin gurl but you mean to tell me you caint have friends??  *insert piss poor false sincerity here*
Haha! I'm glad someone else will admit to seeing (multiple times clearly) Gummo! I let someone borrow mine... lost. Damn.
damn iPhone that's SHITE. Learn English slang
Oh Shit!  I am a yoga loser. But not any other kind of loser.  I have already showed up once with no class  alas.
yeah and I woulda gotten away with it if it wasnt for you damn kids...
we're talking threatening your ability to do business in a professional  not-over-the-top way. w/o being a cunt  somehow.
maybe you should go punch him in the dick.
that sucks =/ you'll get into the other ones.
damn clean plate and the cl;ean bones lol.
you got niggaitus and watch baby come in there and fuck with you.
i'm late but my damn pic mail ain't sending nowhere. they said i need to add the app? wtf?
fuck andre! it's strippers lol you coming home to him!
Fuck off.. I'm not ready!
Yeah. I know he doesn't mean to be a douche and that I'm a huge bitch for being this upset over it. But it still upsets me.
Damn!! I was hoping you were giving me good news otherwise!
try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
I love New HAmpshire well the white Mounts.I'm from Maine and I know I hate cold also hence why I moved to Fla.
dont bother with low fat brownies
yes.. a she-wolf in love  is it even possible? Which team do we root for now? I'm a faithless whore  struck by Amor
don't you hate yogurt! When you do recover from hating yogurt  go to Trader Joe's  get the Greek style kind  it's fantastic!
Stop it! I keep thinking you're going to say he's here! Now I'm waiting vicariously through you! Dammit! I hate waiting for babies!
ohhhh like that... well then shit girl  u shud be pissed. AAAND... u needa tell the BF his own blood is using his ass!
lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
I hate when I see people doing that. I am with you on that one. Why do people think that is okay?!
I have no clue what I've stumbled upon  but I laughed my ass off... you might too:
Oooh  I'm so going there this weekend!! I just hate malls at Xmas time. Bah.
oooh  I wish I could! but then I have to shave my widow's peak to get them to hang right. And what a bitch to grow back! LOL
ugh  I KNOW -- there isn't one!! And I hate when I go into a post  and click it -- it just opens the jpg! YUCK!
I imagine. Another thing  every time I open the Reader  my subscription folders are ALL open. I hate that too.
I jokingly remarked to my man that I was an  internet whore   he thought it meant that I was a porn star. LOL He doesn't get it.
Agreed. Fuck Twitter Grader and all it's kin.
The JVC (LCD) Reference Monitor I have is  in a word  awe-fucking-some. :)  It's great  accurate and as good as it gets. It's ~ $4k
fat ol santa may eat a cookie  but he will also touch the youngest while they sleep.
Ew :( That sucks! I'm sorry.
you said fuck everyone!
okay. Fuck me. Way to start the new year.
well if u looking for more sex  watch the fat boy freaking his pillow thats now playing. Ewwwwwww!!!!
some retarded oracle peoplesoft login thing keeps coming up on my enrolment cart page and i don't know what the fuck is going on!
ripping off Emo Phillips + ba-dum-bum jokes wouldn't get my vote even if i was the web-voter type.
that would be nice  too.  because i hate feeling violated every month with no payoff.
I do? Damn! But it's FOUR hours! After an hour + of plane ride!
I hate math really do!but will be happy as well when I finish university!
 don't hate me cuz i'm beautiful.  jk. you're probably too young to have seen that commercial. HA. what's wrong  chippers??
We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
kicks dons ass. *HUGS*
ass balls... lmfao.
It's not weird you hate that. Me  too but sometiimes the list gets a little unwieldy.
#Paypal sucks. Someone is using my identity there and they refuse to do ANYTHING about it.
aw man  that sucks!
freak passing shower. was walking by  then suddenly a few big drops came down. thought  oh shit  and ducked in just as it poured.
omgomgomg those shoes with the little flower holy fuck i want them
Ugh. Half the time people pick up  Free stuff  from Craigslist they're driving a luxury car. Heh. HATE them.
damn  i'm trying to watch a movie...the tweets are going off the huck. :P lol just kidding  don't get pissed alright? ?:D:D:Dlololol
damn you have really become an ordinary man... man that sucks ass!!! lol :P
how fucking sad is the OVA of Samurai X...i didn't want to watch that.. fuck i almost cried.. lol :P jk
I HATE rain..wud rather the snow..crazy I kno..lol
got it .. and I have read that! Gonna re-read tho..Im stuck and have been for a while..sucks! Thx for help--love ur stuff.
might install now that you've acted as my guinea pig :D
any workplace where that isn't safe needs to harden the fuck up :p
that sucks *hugs* :(
probably not but who the fuck knows what's going on with this show anymore.
k im hella boredddddddd hurry the fuck up i saw my bro playing it  game looks sick
omg me too! The holidays need to end now plz. Ppl are soo mean and nothing is jolly or holly! It sucks!
Damn that's a lot of money for tickets! I guess her little girl only turns 16 once though. :-)
i am going to work on a grassroots gay rights project that will involve the communities of color.
suntem dar ne gandem cum sa gasim o mascota care sa o putem scoate din dulap cand vrem sa acuzam pe cineva pt nenorocul nostru
what do you use then? cuz I hate Itunes
Have you heard any J-Fish songs. if you want a sneek peak I can send you a few songs =) I have all his CD's I'm a J-Fish freak lol
haha  exactly!  And I love YOUR new picture! I was wondering when you were going to use this cute ass picture! I love it!
I like to look at it as  meeting their needs  not necessarily  kissing ass ... although if you can do both  do!
Damn iPhone made my Brad  Angelina pick blurry!
in the lab...all damn day  i had soooo much work to do:(
well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
fuck 'em
I just giggled out loud because my dyslexic ass just read  My fluffy ass was rubbing off
whaha ja maar het is zon raar idee dat ze dat lezen xD en dat BOB FUCKING BRYAR iets tegen me 'gezegt' heeft xD je moet vragen o
weekend ofzo? 3) I still hate twitter 4) I love Gerard he's writing umbrella academy but I still haven't read it yet -shame on me
I bet we are freezing more than you are. The North sucks. Ugh!
That sucks. I was actually a guest on there! My first time on the radio.
That sucks. Are you alright?
DAMN! I'll wait a month before I send mine for a critique! LOL
  man..... fuck the lakers
yeah  most people just think i'm a bitch cuz i got that screwy sarcastic sense of humor that tends to tick people off? my username?
Dude. That  Sleeps with Angels  song can straight up have my ass bawling. I also love the song  Hey Hey  My My  and Harvest Moon
...i love my job and would hate to miss it...I'm depended upon and especially this week I'm needed for our toddlers parties
hahaha. once years ago when he was sleeping I applied some to his lips. I hate it when guys hve better lips 4 lipstick than me
all that I know of is the Revenge vinyl. u? and sorry for delayed answer  my internet sucks and trips out
The 401 always sucks between Cobourg and Kingston. I'll be doing that joyous trek on Boxing Day to visit the relatives.
HAPPY FUCKING BDAY YOU OLD MAN!!!!!! 3333333333 CELEBRATE TONIGHT WITH A TALL COLD ONE :) wooo!
HAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHA LULZ      your STILL a cunt!!!!! hahahahahahahah lulz lulz lulz lulz lulz
UNNNGGGG if he used that fucking word i'm never saying Epic Fail ever again..ooo i'd like to give him a sock in th..NEVERMIND!!
hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up 3333 ya
i hope theirs LOTS of cursing in that video... oh wait we cant fucking curse ANYMORE baaaaahhhhh DAM THEM
FUCK YOU!!!!! I'M DIVORCING UR FUCKING ASS!!!!! HMP!!!
paaaaaaaarrrtttyyyy!!!!!!!! wait no... fuck it.... move over I'M MOVING IN!!!! HAHA!
psshhh!! your on the WRONG side of SHUT THE FUCK UP!
that video made me angry  want to PUNCH Shirley Phelps Roeper IN THE FUCKING FACE!!!! MAN I HOPE THEY DIE! SUCH HATE! UNG
did he really???!!!! OH FUCK OK I TAKE BACK ON DAN MARINO IM SORRY!!!! OK I BLAME ROMO AGAIN! AND WHITTEN! i'm through with them!
i SENT it!!!!!!!! u'll prob get it in like a billion years since cingular SUCKS!!!!
guess who made a fucking surprise in my dreams last night you butthead!!! thanks to you Martha Stewert loves my dreams! baaah
Coat Rack Contest in the Fab Lab. I hate winter  but this would help channel emotions into something constructive.
Santa Cycle Rampage Ride starts at 10:30 at the Fat Abbey Bier Cafe (Juneau and Water). Bring your best red and white costume.
Are you trying to say the saran wrap  bacon fat  and rubber bands I currently use don't count as REAL gloves?
nerd!
omfgshz. i hate lemonbars with a DEEP passion  too!
Hate to say  but John's dad was a major OB/GYN (Yeah  nightmare for me  and he holds out that there are no flu positives:)
damn! Putting my chocolate cake to shame.
LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
gay man
let me know if you want a co-pilot tonight to keep your ass awake!
Josh needs medication. Stat. Can i kick his ass for you now?
lets fucking go tonight... you know you want to! Or at least hang out. I fucking hate being alone sometimes too.
you are welcome to spend the night any time... but next time you steal the covers  I'm gonna cunt punt you. Not really. :)
just to clarify-  not really to the cunt punting... but really to the you being welcome to come over anytime!
I will kick that pirate's ass if he got married again. Just sayin'
That it's that rare of a sentence is sorta depressing.  Especially in light of   's  Loser Cam  Xmas gift to me
i hope singing along- i'd hate to think i'm torturing poor little Pixel!
damn right it should be  horrible stuff YUK!
hate to tell you but it only gets worse  we're at 1440 in the UK and all my office wants to jump out the window!
so do i! especially rocket. I hate celery though
I saw that. what's his name! In so far as the fat bastard  what?!
Noooo  this is not caffeine. This is IT! Let's kick ass and then CELEBRATE! C'MON  girlie. We got it goin' ON!
Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
And by no one I assume you are including me...damn.
My sound is being persnickety so I can't catch up on the vlog until I reboot  which I'm too damn lazy to do now. But tomorrow...
I always thought of him as Hermy  the wannabe dentist.
Me  too. Now I'm dragging my mature ass off to BED! G'night hawt girlie! Woot!
fuck you  merten.
you should probably reattach your fucking ass for you have laughed it off.
That sucks  at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
Hot damn  champ right here! Had the old school TT shell helmet on for the whole trip. Backwards even! Huoooooooah!
Piss off. ;)
Have you seen Bitch magazine's article about twilight? about  absitence porn
thats what i am saying...they need to pay me.thats m*ttaf*cking free promotion. ungrateful ass people.
heh! ping me if you do come down to gay paris. We can interview eachother on the red carpet :)
I'm with you man. Here I am on Twitter at 20 to 6 in the morn  damn.
Oh  hey  that's good! Makes much more sense than what I had floating around in my head. :) (1001 uses for goose fat...)
Sony Vegas  fucking amazing! :D
stop stealing my schtick  whore!
Depends. Will you sit there and hate yourself? ;) Would you be able to do a half day?
You tell them to Fuck Off. They'll listen
I've noticed he can't spell much beyond NOM and BARK ... sucks for him there's only one K and two Bs in Scrabble.
Neat. Damn PS3. Maybe I can convince mom that dad's ps2 needs an upgrade for Xmas.
That doesn't sound nice at all. As somebody who was made redundant with one day to trade last year with Swatch  I know it sucks!
I dunno  did you offer me any of that fuck-ton of beer in your fridge on Saturday? NO
You're quite right. I withdraw my aggressive commenting. Fuck-ton should be more widely used.
basically we agreed that you/ are awesome/bad ass. Not gonna lie  i brought you up! ;)
I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck  what a bad ass opportunity for you.
gav that just sucks!  u ok? i think the brakes would be best to stay on for now!!
I don't know about that... Drew's ass is pretty tiny.  :)  Knees work too... except Drew's knees don't work...
Uh... yeah.  Joe and I have been wondering what all the fuss was about.  Put your ass in it  make sure it's tight.. done.
ha ha loser :)
I can share my gay boyfriend. He just left. Its 1 in the morning. You totally coulda had him from 9 to 1! Ill keep first shift
i update from my phone a lot  you can add twitter as a contact. damn bsa is getting all high tech.
    I hate Walmart anymore. I'm gonna have to start taking my own cart with spikes and barbed wire. Maybe flamethrowers.
I hate being behind those slow as plows. In a storm  it's nice to be on the plowed road  but I hate going that slow. Ugh.
or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
welcome to my world: you're sick  some people think you're funny  others hate you  nobody wants to suck your cock.
I'm jealous  I get all emo when I lack the season of all natures  sleep. :-)
Wait if I shut down my phone company who's going  to sponsor you in the emo olympics?
there's gonna be a nerd party in utah on new years!
YOU? FAT? R U SERIOUS?!? Remind me to slap U when I c U Saturday  mkay?
Hey  at leat you got SOMETHING. Know what we get at work  as I found out 2day? NADDA! Bah hum bug! Damn scrooges!
damn  that was hard  my last attack: gnocchi! If you answer to this  you'll win
get out of my fucking brain!  I am not yours!
I hate trying to hear over loud music lol
do you get one if someone sticks their boot up your ass?
damn that is shady. Why would they put out a false report?
I do but it sucks at scrabble.
damn  won't be going to that.
This guy was that weird solid fat looking type with skinny legs. More funny than scary
here's how to teach you phone to say fuck properly. Don't tell your parents.
wow r u serious? damn did that period of time skip over you? lol
damn! i knew if i had said nobu that auto-tune would already be hummin
ew u slut get on skype 333333
Same with prospective clients.  I'm returning YOUR call  dumb ass.
dude no offence you're awesome but currently I think I hate you. :0)
Figured tis the season to be fat. For a bit. And then start working properly on weight in the New Year-A is coming to gym with me!
You have no idea how damn tempting that is. I've already procrastinated by drawing roads and zebra crossings ;)
whats the operating system on it? i have windows vista and vista sucks bad..it is full of bugs still. shuts down and freezing alot
wow that sucks! well i wish you luck with all that :) i am going to crash so have a good night ok and stay warm.its freezing here
you're gonna get fat!
LOL! not bad for a gangsta bitch...wo pretends to be classy...LOL! I love the holidays. My fav... 2nd to my Bday!
  OMG...Margeaux can reach this octave range that I swear makes me see red! and she knows it. grates my fucking nerves
you can fuck right off about that hoodie thieving comment
point taken. fuck.
grrr I hate that. I have an ex-friend who only gets in touch when they have something great to tell me about themselves... o_0
Oh yeah. That would be a good one. I still think they could kick ass doing  Got to Get You Into My Life.
by a str8 terms technically no penetration means you still have ur vcard but in gay terms she isn't a virgin. sex is sex
whiterabbit819 stFu u ass i care and thats all that matters!
y'all are so fucking classy. miss you!
says  ahaha thankss. my auntie kim always says it grassy ass=] she's amazing.
but you know what i hate  the comments that are anonymous that i can't figure out who they are.
Fuck yeah. I noticed that too.
Yep  it's blocking the absurd hate ur preparing to throw my way in 5....4...3.....2......1
I don't think gay rights groups could force churches into gay marriage  just as churches can't force gays to become straight #tcot
yeah apparently anytime you use the word  hate  on a tweet  your ass gets retweeted and subsequently followed.  Reminds me of .
Bitch!  You weren't following me!
Hey  don't knock the Port+OJ until you've tried it.As cold remedies go  you're still sick but no longer give a damn. ;)
Now THAT's an adventure that I will pass on. Oh damn  I do have to take a present back. NO!!
I don't use the touchpad(I hate them) I always use a USB mouse. We are a toshiba family.. we have four
Damn Jim idk what to say:/ Sorry man.
ahhh yur a slut for that stache!! damn gurl...tug it once for me too
Totally.  The ass end of my Jeep is not  but no life forms were impacted.
Bitch  I was doing laundry first. haha jk. Or am I?
Mind your own state politics. Joe Smith was a mammal before a prophet. Some mammals are gay and even heterosexuals have anal sex.
I'd like to get a signed copy of 'Running Like a Fat Bastard'. Pleez. Only this will complete my fitness lit collection.
Hopefully  I'll be able to get the damn things on- he's ferocious when cornered  hungry  or just feeling rascally...
The ole Cell Phone Yeller in the Elevator. That sucks.
I love them too. Though I have to say that Sylar is my favorite villian in the show. I love to hate him. Hehe.
Yeah! This blond gay guy came to audition. I almost fell out of my chair when I saw him. He looked identical to chris corner!
 and btw I hate the new Pepsi logo/can. Maybe cause I didn't get one in the mail...ha j/k
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #business because he is a bad ass who says it likes he means it.
just found the email buried in inbox  count me **IN** i've been on the receiving end of foodbanks growing up. it SUCKS BIGTIME
hate to rub it in but it says 70 on the thermometer here. May have to do my beach walk early today to aviod sprinkles.
did you see Mike Huckabee on Daily Show earlier this week? It got pretty intense with gay marriage topic.
Avocado is my FAVOURITE 'good fat'. Hahaha... I'm afraid I indulged 2day and had my avocado w homemade cheese nachos  black olives.
Mine  I seem to fuck it up all the time. I'm off ~30 bucks. I'll leave it that way for 2-3 months and finally put an entry (cont)
Fuck you and your snow! Or  bring some of it down here? ;)
We've maybe had 1  total here across 3-4 different  snows  My first time with snow tires ever and I can't have any damn fun!
man! and you're texting while driving? haha crazy! damn you're lucky. i wish my parents would let me go! 30% chance i'm going
aw that sucks!
oh that sucks! apply for targets/walmarts
haha i don't really like walmart that much either. hmm yeah that sucks :( hope you find one
Hey! Remember me? Lizzy from the David Cook forums. How've you been? (I'm guessing pretty damn awesome right now... =P)
Reid I made it!  urghhh... I hate shopping. The trauma of it sent me hiding under the covers. Or maybe that was the cold.
Damn you for seeing the season premire over a month ago!!
You don't even know that half  trust me sallie mae is the one bitch I wish I could divorce right now
HATE.YOU.SO.MUCH.
I hate you.
Damn straight!
Hey thx!  I just hate to have Win XP crash anymore than necessary.  That is why I have been so conservative.  I'm gonna try Chrome.
I hate when it happens to people that are nice. They don't deserve embarassment of that sort.
ugh  you know ro fucking reminded me about red bull.  i told her when i wake up my bibingka's gonna be sore. )-: nightmares!!
omg is he like 19? MUAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA you're such a fucking cradle snatcher  bb.
faka... update your twitter you fucking homo sapien.
we r so fucking on for real. I might leave after Josh  but i can't wait! _
dropped off some old 3.5  floppies. A System Disk and Mac Paint.  Retro Mac crap kicks ass!  Photo:
I mean you hate it but you bought it  doesn't that speak for itself
Could be some accounts getting removed after suspicious behavior.  Damn spammers...
Damn what the hell is the deal with the Drama Queens coming out of the woodwork lately?
There was a MAD ABOUT YOU/ DICK VAN DYKE crossover about a decade ago.  Carl Reiner reprised his role as Alan Brady.
wait until you have a final cut on your documentary before the sex change.  You don't want to fuck up continuity.
freak yeah  i do
Yea its got a heatsink bigger than a server lol. Its a great machine. I am loving it except for the leg is bent. DAMN COURIERS GRR
sure  I could use a lil snow here. The people would freak out here. LOL
im sad there's only 15 more minutes left! i hate how it shows only once a week lol
dude.. I just think the twinke or whateva you call it... It damn cool.. LOL
SWEEET you've just become cooler in my book or as someone said earlier today.. kick ass... so 80's :)
Amen.  Thrilled to see Brad Sucks on Rock Band 2. Congrats man  I hope you get some of those 80 MS Points.   FTW!
happy for you  sucks for me!  this should have been SNOW!
immortal? invincible  privileged  all-powerful  above-da-law  I-am-da-law  da ends justify da means  I don't give a fuck I'm IT...
i hate how it never snows there... and you live IN CANADA! do you want some of ours? I hate snow.
i was afraid people would think i meant actual buckeyes! i hate peanut butter  but when its w/chocolate  its ok lol yummm
what the? how the? damn it
do you under stand how much i give a fuck?
you can take the girl out of the hood but you can't take the hood out of the girl. Detroit didn't make me a pussy that's forsure
im horny god damn porn fuck eon now I need real cock. where's ashley!
I would only fuck you if I was drunk... lulz.
bitch better share this vivid alt shit isnt doing anything for my vagina and its moistness. fuck.... EON I WANT TOSEECOPULATION
you cock juggling thundercunt!!!! I have the best childish insults ever.
Yes! All of those twitters were directed at Frank Miller and his horrible screen play! DAMN YOU FRANK MILLER ILL KEEL YOU!
ZOMGZ Fontfeed! I am such a Font Freak. I used to have 5000 fonts on my puter. The poor thing nearly choked to death on them.
..........I hate SUVs. They're a great big ugly road hazard as far as I'm concerned. And very few people really NEED them.
your first time? you'll soon be sick of the damn thing...
damn australians!
Oh  that sucks. Why I blew off my own appointment yesterday. I just couldn't face the wait.
At the C's before I hit the hay. Still hate Boston?
yeah it really sucks I need to manage my time better I guess or maybe I should party haha. Oh well. C'est la vie I guess.
slap a bitch? What you want to do is CHOKE A BITCH like Wayne Brady!
I got fuck all for Christmas babe. How about you?
--well...i had to pee...and my stupid ass lifted the seat with the same hand i was holdin the phone in...then...PLOOP!!!
damn straight! I say you  me and danie have an epic rap party over break since we'll all be off. Yes?
haha someone told me katie (?) was a bitch so I was like ehh. Death cab  JACKS MANNEQUIN FGHSDJ 3 hehe
Your John Mayer  My Jacks Mannequin. Andrew McMahon is my LIFE SUPPORT. Not to sound emo or anything ahaha
LIKE BITCH WUSSUP! Ahahaha
I just needed an axcuse to share it.  I hate oatmeal  actually.
Damn woman you don't know your own strength.  LOL
I don't always agree with you... but I do this time! Slow the hell down and stop getting so emo about it.
no she didnt yet. maybe she does hate us now. *sad day*
lol... I have ass too..
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
that's what you fucking get for that fucking video!
ass.
That show sucks. It always scares you. And Boo Danny. He is a fail!
yes  i cant fucking wait!  I can hardly bring myself to review  i must but dont want to.
fuck no _ I'll be out there by myself.  That's my ALONE time. Meditate if you will. Me the pipe  the stars rflecting  thnkng
I couldn't agree more.  And if I didn't feel like such a loser I would say I win for understanding!
Damn those Mythbuster guys! Anyone who works or lives in Alameda must be crazy anyway!
lmao  i hate you. 3
i hate you! i want to be in bed :(
i bitch slapped my cousin once.
.....I.Hate.Him. He's.... UGGG!
oh  i am fine. But she will not be if she doesn't shut her fat fucking mouth.
violent ass...
fuckery is always welcomed..only second to hate. Speaking of which...I haven't told you how much I hate you lately
a fat boy sweet talker?
Why do you kombat when I have to leave the computer!! DAMN YOU!!!
I wanna get him a ring that means  ur a great kid to fuck
haven't the Palestinians suffered enough without having to deal with that fat fool......heh
AHHH I HATE THAT..
lol you'd go gay for Zac Efron
 If they would have cremated that son bitch I'd be tale grabbing his ass right now
So you are right... reciprocity is a bitch (Just not in the way that Lauren Hill meant it)
Grammar nerd.
There's a dfference? Damn.
mark Ya! Dick head old man!
i hate people who update their fb status more than once a day unless absolutely necessary...tweets-thats what they're for!
damn.
So people are just ignoring me. :-( That sucks big time. LOL. Especially when I thought we were better than that. I see...I see..
Damn you to hell for getting my hopes up. I though you were talking about Daley.
LMAO. I was very confused. What a bitch she is.
I never said anything about lovin ya  dick cheese  just that I say your name alot  probable with fuck in there somewhere
not on your life  dick-tongue
crutches suck big time. i hate them lol. hope you get better soon! :P
esp. if someone is working for an employer supportive of gay rights  seems wrong for someone to then not show up to work.
regarding you and your tea obsession  you have become SO GAY  break out the Thermite man!!!!!  Shape up
the only show more thug is the nigga who be in the woods eating beetles and drinking his piss! that niggas GANGSTA!
:-)  My line in the sand: watching shows on my computer screen. HATE it. w/42 inch plasma  groovy sound  you can never go back.
what a fucking bitch.
As opposed to a non fucking fuck?
attention whore.
/emo damn you.
Dick Clark looked sloshed last night? I was thinking animatronic.
This bad gay works for a company that likes to write people up for sneezing.
Fat Tire. Steak Taquitos. RocketTransfer.com. AJ's on Court in DSM.
losing winter insulation is one of the horrific side effects of Biggest Loser that nobody warns you about. It's brutal!
I hate  Rag and Bone  so much.
emo-hair+hip hop-fitted hat
I would not be proud of that. That just means you're a whore or a polygamist.
if he's upset with Brandyn's work area I'd hate to see wha he thinks of mine :P
Whoa. Marc Blucas' new hair is a fucking crime against humanity. The horror. From loveable goof to douchebag  instantly.
Unfortunately  I can't take credit for that blog-- I found it while surfing the 'net at 4am and laughed my ass off!
P.S.  Fuckitty fuck fuck  is def. worse to say in a Holy Place. Especially if you're Catholic.
also let him know his Irish accent sucks in some of the podcasts
I hate .... you .... zzzzzzzz
Hey... Stop twitting and post a damn blog!
O.O bingo is waaaaay to hard for me. hate it. i wanna fuck it..wait thats didnt come out right
xD! i know. hmm ....i wonder how it feels like to fuck bingo  hard .....hmmmm  i guss i'll never know D':
oh youuuu little bitch. Just keep your winter gloves away from your zipper and i'm sure you'll be fine.
not to sound amazingly  astoundingly gay (not that that's bad) but you sound like a man in desperate need of a few pillow shams
as much as i hate auto-DM's  i also check out links if they're music related.
I'm blocking you because you have no value. Go back to telemarketing  or some other loser marketing scheme.
If only Edward and Bella were slightly less emo :)
  and  @asthepumpturns. Yeah  I am a mean mean person. Horribly judgemental towards one specific victim. Poor guy. Retard.
damn it.
NO. You're in BATH. You worked your ASS off for this. You're coming home to GREAT THINGS. Have FUN FUN FUN. NOW.
your mother's a bitch.
that sucks for your teacher. poor guy. isn't your class full of adults? do they act mature like adults are supposed to?
fuck yeah!!! That is so far above just not failing!!
FUCK.
fuck yeah!!
well  it is gay hippie stoner music
aw man that sucks!
Oh no! Everyone ok? Damn you rain! Ruining my BFFOT's day!!!
WHO CARES I HATE THEM! FTW! Knitting and crocheting before bed 3
damn.
*sigh* oh  Karrine. You said the phrase  Sluts with Butts  on a site called MomLogic.com. You fuck'n rule! :) LMAO
Rockets... damn. makes me wanna turn ne-yo's gay ass off my tv and just sit here.
wow that really sucks. LOL.
that sucks  I know he was looking forward to that hook up...
fuck yeah. swing by sometime (after the 17th) and i'll take you to rocco's. yeah  think about that.
i hate her in every movie. she has one look. you know the look haha
Read your post   Sincerity Sucks.   Thank you! I feel less guilty for holding certain  sincere  people accountable for actions
Maybe they're looking for Carl!!!  That damn Carl.
Fat Baby drinkinggg and listening to Duffy's band
p.s. i hate you :)
I should brush my bangs over my eyes and join you in emo grief.
It sucks :(
yeah I hate this bitch and I'm glad the chief killed that other dude!
  oooh shit i forgot what i was gonna tell y'all -_O UMMM oopsie...ugh i hate my short term memory
With the departure of the Sonics  I've adopted them as my squad. I still fuck w/ CP3 and the Hornets  but I gotta go Pacific NW.
Damn straight.
Have you seen his ugly ass? he IS the phantom. Women wouldnt sleep with him if he didn't woo us with melodies and faux-mance
DAMN HO  You sick as FUCK!!!
Jesus fucking h Christ!!!!
fuck you  change your name. Do you know who I am? (yeah  neither does my mom.)
to be specific he didnt choke her (right?) he bit her on the back while banging her in the ass. (just to be clear)... :)
still got that ass whooped haha.
go cowboys!!!! Yup I said it. Two tears in a bucket.. Fuck it lol
go fuck yourself.
cause i just need to get my mind away from all the bullshit out here..im bousta say fuck doin music...just promote others...
i mean damn don can you get back to ya own brother?!?!?
dick van dyke is way cooler too.
You kidding  I bloody hate anime  and I liked Bleach.
Not necessarily  while I do not agree with hitlers actions  he was a damn good general  and got germany out of a depression that
I'll love him in the biblical sense  just as soon as they chop his emo hair off.
u whore...
Quit the gay ex and you wouldt sleep so much
fuck you man  I'm a vegetarian today! That just makes it harder.
HAHAHA. tom cruise  I WILL FUCK YOU UP
That album is the fucking shit.
yes? Yes? Fucking YES?
  i'm hammered and want you both at Hot Damn.
Y'know  it's very stereotyped emo.. I know plenty of older people who follow the trend  cult the whole way.
DION WHAT THE FUCK YOU SAYIN? LOL.
 Dude  you're gonna hate me! Here... more T-shirts for da T-shirt lovers
 damn you and your constant banoffee pie mentions!! Very tempting LOL
Fucking pallys. I learned to hate them playing Warcraft III. And fuck rogues too while we're at it.
Hell yeah! With their invisible sneaking nonsense. I almost want to play as one some time to fuck with people though.
I was belting out songs from  Fiddler On The Roof  and  Rocky Horror Picture Show   I might have been a gay  Jewish man?
evilbeet  do u not feel that when u watch jon  kate plus 8 its fucking  in ur face  and purely advertisements?
jia..that is dead ass wrong
I should round house kick ur al qaeda lookin ass in the face with my flip flops!
ok! where is it then? send that bitch to me!! haha!
I freakin hate that! For me it's  Hi Rose  Rose is my last name you idiot! LOL
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
Please do...anything from you my sexy bitch!
so i said listen cunt.. i hope your year brings prosperity and happiness. and then i got my gun  and blew her brains out.
Srsly  I hate it.
Turns out I hate shopping  too. Way too many sounds and smells. I just want to pee on everything.
Just had a big ass waffle breakfast and am catching up on games from 08
I DARE DAT ASS 2 SAY SUMTHAN ELSE STUPID U DA STUPID BITCH!
FUCK NO I AINT PARTYN LIK DAT JAYLA U STUPID
JAYLA U TOK DAT DA WRN WAY MEANIN U WEAR PANTIES ASS ITS NOTHN SEXULA SO DNT BE THANKN DAT
N HOW BOT BARBARA GOT ANGIE ASS GUH ME N TELA WAS LAUGHN 2 DAM HARD
Judge Chevere at the Daley Center..she's hispanic and a bad ass! Too bad i'd never want to go to law school..
you'll get through it and win in the end. FUCK THAT SHIT IN THE FACE (as ange sez)!
you're a bitch.
sucks to be you
I hate you so much.
and the beamer was underwhelming.  had all kinds of issues with the on-board computer.  nothing major. just enought to piss me off
He's an asshole. I'd fucking bean him  for love of the game. Not starring Kevin Costner.
Damn dude...
WOW YOUR A BAD ASS... HAHA
Yeah  and T-Mobile Germany offers unlimited Worldwide calling to other T-Mobile phones. USA only offers Nationwide. Sucks.
Scars on my face? Are you threatening me? I don't like liars  threats nor unexplained coincidences. Kindly fuck off!
DAMN IT EDDIE!
can u be a lamb  add a *gay* category to ur awards so I can nominate myself  others
yes...and they are about to be fucking DISOWNED. *grumble*
Well fuck yeah!!!! how about allston?   imma try the one in jersey   I got my 2day bamboozle tics today
uh uh u fucking bitch. haha dont take any coats  skinny jeans  slippers  gloves  bomber hats  or scarves.
we gonna make bklyn see what's up! Hell fucking yeah!
Savor my ass. ;-p
I'll be a crab ass with you. BAH HUMBUG!
damn damn damn James....
ok I don't care what   says about being PC bc that is SO queer. And ftr  my gay friends would say something worse! ;)
yes yes  so gay.
SON OF A .... bitch! hahahahahahaha
i hate you.... you know why
u lucky whore!!!!!
A BAMF is a bad-ass mother f*cker.
Fuck that! I feel awful for you  having to wait out there!
damn i hate Ed Hardy
pig(s) !!! Wow  always thought you had plenty of space  but how many did you eat
was just joking...hate people who act that way
I do but I picture the fat guy in the leotard
damn that sucks
damn right
ur a huge loser did u know that? lol
i hate sewing. Period.
don't worry  karma is a one mean ass bitch. They'll get what's coming to them...
retard?
haha no gay stuff is good! cuz i tend to be attracted to females! haha jus chillen getting ready for work!
i hate u like miniature dogs hate people dressing them in t-shirts and little booties.
fuck u BIATCH!!!
I hate you.
fuck off
That was fucking hilarious... WIN
omg that fat dude should not be in leotards idk they made them that big lmao
damn u i wanted to see sexy lesbian porn lmao
  lol BJ's blow ass :P
Damn! This is deadly  keep em coming! :P
check it on your wii  whore.
No....Always been happy....never quite gay...
get them all out of the dome ....NOW damn it...
You'd be television slut.
I HATE that!
GO GIVE YOUR GAY LADYBOY HUSBAND AN OILY BODY MASSAGE WHY DON'T YOU. AND   yes its true.
OMFG I HATE YOU IWANNA GO ON NEOPETS :'( WTFFFF. YOU HAVE EVERYTHING I WANT.
hate you so much
lmfao! See this why I can't fuck w u! U kno I'm dead offa that Al B Shep!....
LIKE HOW U SAY WHAT THE FUCK AND CLEAN IT UP WITH HECK LOL
Thai sucks too many peanuts
Wow! That sucks.
it was in reference to his gay suit
I hate them. So much.
i am  just so behind now   it sucks.
Oh damn. Saw the trailer for Dark City Looks gooood
I'm sick of Tinkerbell. that bitch is making my movie life hell.
That really sucks. :(
every one laugh at the sad gay clown
fuck you  man. you can pick on garden state  but leave pushing daisies alone.
I hear you can cook your ASS off!!! =)
damn your fat  you even got a turkey as your profile pic for good measure....
Tommy blows cock! lol
ah damn  ok
Pah. Loser. ;) Haahaha. Well done fella. Very interested to chat to you about it sometime!
i didnt call in gay either. but my company donated 100 g's to support No on prop 8. ::shrug:: squaresies  i guess.
I hate Juno. That movie blows!
I don't care about his fucking kids.....I want JP's kids head on a plate.
fucking jp losman
Fuck you and your family.
damn.
  aw shucks you guys...are gay.
Ugh. That truly sucks :(
A COMMUNIST FUCKING DICTATORSHIP! Fuck Che Guevara. And all the t-shirts with him on them and those that wear them.
You won't miss much.  Her husband is cheating  she's pregnant  he's an ax murderer  her son is gay. That's pretty much the soaps
ah shit that sucks!
antlers. nah  fuck that. they look stupid and extend the paradigm of happiness seasons fucking greetings etc etc
that does sound gay. I never had that in year 12. And thanks!
yea dani thats kind of gay sorry to tel u lol
band nerd alert!! Lol
LMFAOOOOO. and he looks emo now? i'd believe it.
oh. yeah. no loving for nikki. poor nikki. she's too emo.
ITS GROSS. AND NOT NEEDED. I HATE IT! LMFAOOO.
FUCK AT&T!
damn yo I did!
Dick through brains
then eat  ass! Don't eat ass though  just eat...you ass
lol ur whale penis
I know there's a bottle of bourbon in that house. Hit that shit! Tap dat ass!
That is bad ass.
nerd!
DAMN.
Ouch.  That sucks!!
good! i hate digg...it's way too gamed
Hmm...gay marriage is a subset of gay rights  but they are not different animals entirely.
ouch that sucks..
i saw you had this thing so i made one too. loser i know ha
thanks. i know i hate it to  but it also makes me happy to see ppl that care. you made me smile  so good job :D
sigh.. I can telw you because altho you'll laugh at me at least you won't think I'm a freak or tell anyone.
dawns a Fucking twat and   that is the best song on the album
damn yeah
why do you eat so much you fat bastard
lol. I know  she's a mess. But ya ass was not getting up.
Then I would be gay and I would kill myself. Don't become a boy  please.
yeah those darn gay alarms at CVS.....
yeah  im pissed. liek my body is tired  but my brain isnt  or is it the other way around? fuck idk anymore
Yea that is some BS! I HATE MESS LIKE THAT!
OMG  you fucking got them didnt you?!?!?! I'm so jealous!!!!
oh yeah! Radios powered by pork fat!
Go back to your pork fat radio!
was it the Nigella coca cola ham? that pig rocks!
Fuck that shit. I told people...  DON'T MAKE THAT ACCOUNT!  and someone had to do it. Fuck that shit.
hey  fuck you 3
that song is so emo to me
ikr? It's so fucking gross. GET ONLINE AND SAVE YOURSELF FROM THE 'TARDFULNESS.
the punk ass pistons?
ur smater than me then. last year  i was out on nye sick as fuck. came home with pneumonia
FUCK YEA! THX! Id like to thank all my influences from my grandma (rip) to Sam L.  id also like to thank myself for being great!
LMAO!! Hot sauce indeed!  but sheeeeit. you can take a picture of   wrapped in ME! fuck the dumb lol
yeah and its really cute that i filmed two weddings that need to be edited and I CANT because my uncle sucks hard.
ARGH!  I hate that too!
gah!  Damn you spoilers!  I'm only on season threeeeee!
Oh man...that sucks!
whooo.  did you have to choke a bitch?
i hate u! Jk.. But u can keep it.
she took $60 from me  $50 from my sis 2 separate nights.  She says her stuff was jacked too.  Don't buy it. Betrayal sucks.
You're still alive? Well  damn  I just lost a bet.
way to not text me back DICK. :P
fuck yeah they do!
holy fuck.
i got the whale too.  :(
damn.. maybe ur next twitmance will be whole ass..
sucks 2 b washed up.. gangstas paradise was the shit
aw dammit  I meant to call   a lame-duck Scotsman. Thanks for fixing my lame-ass miss of a joke!
    wow I totally know that fine line between love and hate! #dead_by_january_i_didnt_sign_up_for_this_shit
I never watch those show or even read the lists because they invariably piss me off.
he's a retard. shouldnt he be old enough to know to not  be so damn nosy and butt in on peoples relationship.
Just keep your head up...you kick so much ass...
I didn't call her fat at all! Keep your fucking nose out of other peoples business!
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t! Damn where all the white women at! Come on! Hahaha (so is that why celebs  crossover  when they make it)
ah damn.
I hate those fucking hash tags.
some loser had already. He did Daniel by elton john
A pussy on my cock on my pussy  if you wanna take it further. ;)
I've been called a pig  if that helps. Recently  even
damn you.
Hahaha!  Well take care then. We would hate to lose you to your homeland anyways.  Come back safe!
and you're a smug cunt  so it must be true!
fuck yo moustache you young ass nigga. Step yo beard game up
I might get in a snowball fight out this bitch!
what if it could be all 3 that would stink on 2 levels  but I bet it is a fat bonus  or ur picking up his backyard
newegg.com.... once u know  u new egg.... can get a 500 gig for fucking 30 bucks on there
a semicolon sounds like some sort of gay sex act gone wrong
I hate it when you get  blue  teeth. LOL
hour meetings foe a job you're failing at  because you hate it  your bentley that you don't even drive cuz gas is so expensive  in
Damn :(
...fuck jared leto. i forgot it was his bday. 25th HIS BIRTH 26th MY BIRTH ECHELON THROUGH THE BACK DOOOOR.
damn 'reply' button ... -.-
agreed.  UGO sucks ass
it's the damn music  ugh  terrible!
Also  you are not Canadian  fuck.
yeah... it sucks...
i hate those DIY post office things here in #ALB. no matter what the lines are still insane.
rogue. I hate you and your ability to spell correctly. though some of them were red  but they were communist. not rouge.
I hate chris
u know what................. ima put jourdan on your ass.
omg that so fucking sucks
fuck. :( 3
this sucks ass!
fuck yo couch! In yo face!
FIRE HIM!!!!!!  lol lame ass mofo....
get your ass here !!!
Nuno Bettencourt ftw. Damn!
Fat ass!
and most of them are ugly and fat..lol
i couldnt agree more. HATE sandra lee!
i'm ok  now  darlin :)  i just hate my body sometimes.  it hurts me when it's most inconvenient.  i'll be ok... :) thank youuu
fat.
lol.. hate u both..
LOOOOOOL HATE!!!!!!
awwwwz poor little emo girl
Damn skippy.
that sucks. People are stupid.
hate you both!!
hate u
Injections don't work in Vista? I tried in XP  didn't work there either  crazy bug or something :(. Damn you C++ Win32 API!
it is not only terrible... it really sucks.
AND DAMN I JUST LOST /AGAIN/.
dude that sucks!
if anyone's a loser  it's YOU.
lol whore bath...funny.
Fat Boys have a new song?!
A gay couple getting married in NYC isn't going to change anyone's idea about marriage. Divorce has redefined marriage.
Heores Season 2 sucked! Full of emo shit!
I LOVE Pocoyo!...because I'm a freak!
i hate you.
i didn't laugh  fag.
Pretty sure it's CO2 and H2O produces sugar  but damn that was a long time ago
Well that sucks.
lmfao! bad ass!
wow. your dad looks like a total bad ass!
You coming to work today  E? I know it's Gay Day and all. I wasn't sure if you were gay or just running late.
Damn if TJ doesn't like your music  it must really suck. This guy will cosign anything
old ass nigga!
they stole my slogan!!! I hate them for that!
That happens here in MD too. People totally freak!
bitch... lol jk
why would i accuse you  im SUPER FUCKING JESLOUS OF YOU
kiss my icecubes formerly known as my ass cheeks.
that sucks balls!
I hate that too!!
NERD!
YOU KNOW IT BITCH. :D
No God no. Fuck no. Fucking fuck god no.
Gypsy bitch!!!!!
LMAO!! I seen that  that dude was mad angry... then got his ass beat
fuck you shane lol
oooh that sucks. ibuprofin
enak aja! nick carter ga gay!!
ohlala dago ktny tmpt nongkrong gay :D
  damn! No kidding!
Man  fuck Alton-Darby.
Sigh. Fuck 4chan.
haha I always say that! Girl or not  I too can rock out with my cock out! Hah
I hate em..
He's so fucking annoying. I would just tell him fuck off and it's his fault he has an unverified address :/
yeah and I am the man in the relationship   your my bitch.
D:!  That's horrible  ;__; This sucks.
fuck off dude  don't waste my time  damn spam users again ...
fuck off dude  don't waste my time...
you own a gun? remind me not to piss you off anymore.
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK BIIAAAATCH!
damn straight :)
damn you hater!  lol
OMG your so MEAN .. really really mean +_+  i hate you .. hifftt
cunt? Whore?? Lololol
fuck u and ur fucking break =/
wow   that sucks.
LIES! I HATE HIM!
damn straight
I hate you so much you stupid New York... douche. bagel.
I wish I could punch you square in the face. that's how much I hate you right now.
you are a twitter/last.fm whore! :P
Doh!  That sucks!
i hate you for both those statements. lol
fuck up foo.
i REALLY hate you
ur gay? me. u. mall. shopping!
God damn it  Louis!
Nerd alert!
SHUT THE FUCK UP! What?! Why does Micky Rouke have ur #?
Freak.
VTU  SUCKS .
8 fucking am.
HOLY FUCK! GIRL YOU CANT DO STUFF LIKE THAT!
i hate pret
That sucks!
jealousy makes me hate you now hahaha
And I HATE gangsters .
haha no I'm just trying to fuck with him
i hate u
i hate u. looooooool
Lolol well i hate u. K thx 3
I will super hero my ass out there and blow the tire up myself!!!
that sucks big time.
damn!! *goes off to call God*
FOR REAL!!!! I NEED TO JUST STOP!!!! REALLY!!!! FUCK!!!!!
gotta hate that shit
So you were a geek and gay at a very young age ;)
You fucking rock =)
yeah  it sucks :(
Thats so fucking stupid for you to say
That sucks:)
God damn. That's some stocking up.
damn girl. that was fire!
makes even gay men question their sexuality.
OMG where? that sucks!!
lawl   fat bitchez.
you're a fat bitch? I think you just called yourself one. Lmao... Well if you wanna out yourself in that category... Ha ha
fuck yeah
Eat twat   you twitter whore.
That sucks ...
what happens when someone tells u gators suck ass lmao. U pull a gun or stab them to death???
god damn you.
nerd. :)
aw that sucks.
I don't wanna sound gay or nuthin'  but that sir... is an arousing pic.
lady  i wanna fuck your tumblr.
that sucks!
FUCKING ELLAS A RETARDED CUNT ALOT OF PEOPLE COULD DO A BETETER JOB THEN HERE SHES RACIST AGAINST BLACKS
MOD_ELLA IS A FUCKING CUNT
haha ugh this sucks :(
ass get out its ur last day damn it!
awe  how gay :P
oh no...he grew out of it (after a few ass whippings)....he just steals girls hearts now (he's 20). But yea he was a baby klepto
damn  that sux
he's gay like u lmao. And the rest of the guys are alergic to fruits. *wink* lmao.
U stupid bitch. I said Its in my car u always at work or chillin with then regis niggas.  Don't piss me off.
hey man! You =gay! Lol jk
your a pale whore..
after I kept getting caught I just said fuck it  lifes too short and I wanna sing off key fools!
you damn betcha
ass.
hot ass mess!!!! hahahaha
omg! that really sucks! anything serious?
  fuck yes to both of you.  3
dude.  she's fugly.  i think ur a desperate ass cam perv.
hahah  ass :P hehe
BITCH...you got a working Zune  and I don't like it! Yea you got one...BUT IT AINT ENUFF!
closing now. some gay xmas thing
Wow! That sucks.
I hate FCC they are evil
fuck you
damn straight
I'm late to the emo-ball.. I'm not even dressed.  WHY un-follow you?  What did you do now (pft- can't take him anywhere...)
i will but now the only problem is im realllyyyy not looking forward to seeing some gay show
wash yo' ass!
that sucks!
you came up with angry gay guy...
twitter whore!
is officially too gay to function!
... this is so post gay  it hurts .... NSFW!
I hate you
hell yeah fucking losers lol
Fuck yeah
na just a bitch of a teacher!!!!
it is. Hate that LOL
aww  I knoow  I hate that! :-P
you're so gay. I hate lonestar.
shits gay!
fuck you Devi. slit em'!
well just go to the local whore house!
no way. they REALLY hate you  don't they?!
  damn you...
fat guys are immoral  there should be a proposition to keep them from marrying  VOTE YES
you're a nerd fail
fucking ayeeeeee
SHUT THE FUCK UP BEFORE I PUT A HAMSTER UP YOUR ASS!!
YOUR MOM SUCKS ASS. Don't be such a douche. It's obviously not done. I'll add the fucking parm when the noodles are done.
I hate you so hard right now.
that sucks!
we talked four days ago!!!! emo cowboy fan :)
Especially the gay cowboys. Ha ha.
i BET YOU WERE SILLY ASS! lol
You're such a nerd. lol
I hate you and your steelers.
fuck betty she killed me...
fuck yo life nigga
  Cock your gun.
  Cock and bull
I hate them. I eat them for dessert. I will keep following you. I believe in your cause
 marinates penis  That's gay dude.
Male Chauvinist Pig. :P
wow! You're a real cunt!
OMG  that is a total bitch! Those jerks play that game here too except they write big fine$ with the confiscations!
His ass needs to be put on blast so now his wife can see wtf he's doing.
payment schedule...been there...sucks ass
fuck em then! heh
That sucks.
That sounds like Charter.  I hate Charter.
YOUR INSANE BABBLE  HAVE YOU LOST YO DAMN MIND?
You know all about some interpretive gay dancing.
hate you...
hahahhaha I hate that!
fuck you.
fuck you haha
whatever about the Gay Byrne voiceover  shame on Eason's for running Christmas ads in early November!..
Son of a bitch!
Drupal sucks.
Rooster is my bitch!
Rooster is LARRY'S bitch!
oh man that sucks!! LOL
That really sucks.
that sucks.
ha! Go fuck a chickhen!
fat bastard
gay + high on crack + Razor sharp vagina? sounds like   to me
you mean we chatted about how I wish I were a gay man??
faa lalala gay apparel daa da da daaa yuletide carol la la lala laaaa....
Ok is it gay day today? or are those some cute azn girl socks u sexed
Fuck yea it's the bomb
WTF emo ass lookin bitch  *sigh*
suck my cock  bitch. i am allowed to be scared of whatever i want. *z snap*
Fuck.
YOU ARE FUCKING BR00T4L
ewww  hate it hate it hate it!
I hate it SO SO SO MUCH.
hate. you.
Son. Of. A. Bitch. :-p
fuck you
I hate it  too.
ha! sucks for u!!
oh wow  that really sucks. :/
i hate you
Oh  that sucks!
aww that sucks :/
That's gay. Poor MCR.
everything but you. Everything but you sucks.
That sucks dude!
Oh my fucking ~*gawd. *eye roll*
aww  that soo sucks D:
GA has finally let out is inner ass and now everyone hates him :D
Fuck you
emo!lol j/k
Damn girl ... Your house was dirty.
I noticed that and you are not a bitch. The other thing that she also doesn't have is class.
damn kenny u need emotional condoms and shit son.
Kick ass!
ha! my ass be bowling lol
to get fat?
i would hate that too. :(
i hate you all
/nerd *laugh*
Ah. Gay!
I hate you so much I just want to smash your face.
Yes you are a loser... I could have told you that a long time ago...
   HE'S FUCKING HIMSELF!
Purple
Do you eat cheeseburgers?
Hey if ur reading this I dnt know if u were following me or not but if u were I think I deleted all my followers so could u follow me again thanks
dont even try <3 haha
no. i suck.
Ohh man i bet its tha shit!! Ohhkayy!(: be safe have fun!! <33
You can only have one kind of sandwich. Every sandwich ingredient known to humankind is at your immediate disposal:
lmfao! haha! Nahh its my badd;)
If you could make one person fall in love with you who would it be?
How would a world without music affect us?
yeah
Have you had an std be honest? Im sure half of y'all have.
What are you having for dinner? Who is cooking? Do you cook your own dinner?
Blue Bear  or Purple Penguin?
Have you ever cheated in a relationship?
my hearing aids as they help me hear the smallest things like crickets :D family as they will always be there for me:D and God  even tho ive been struggling with my faith lately i know he will help me and wouldnt give me anything i cant handle
how many times do u take a bath in a day?
What character from a movie most reminds you of yourself?
Nope
I did. And then realized I dont get on my account enough to follow a bazillion people and keep them all posted up on my life. So I deleted it. r So Im sticking with formspring :]
i found you on jensens thingie. i cant really see your picture but i guess your cute?
Wet the toothbrush or brush dry with the toothpaste?
the guy at lunch at ur table at school who u hang out with and talk to he is HOT
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
huh? they love animals so they dont eat THEM but they do gotta eat one way or another lol
Hmmm.. its a tie. I loved all the Bailey School Kids Series and Dr. Suess books. But the BFG. All time favorite childhood book.
Do yooh lite it upp ma?!
tim. i dont think men are hot.
:)))
Why nott secret person(:
okay
myspace for the freedom of creativity :] and facebook for the social aspect.
you tell me :p
Where do you buy your groceries from?
nahh its humorous usually
Usually going to my brothers baseball games :) then all day outside!!! my favorite <3r Rollerblading or finding a new park and then out with the boyfriend usually to eat and then doing something..from a movie to going grocery shopping haha
they laughed alil too much i guess
no but i so wanna go this year!
How would you describe  in your mind  the greatest guy in the world? What would he be like? What would he do with his time?
Do you think we will find another life form in your life time?
Was Jesus a virgin when he died?
i dont no tomato sauce
Do you eat all the servings in the food groups on a daily basis?
It really depends on my mood and the type of people im around. Im very good at starting conversations but if Im around someone else thats doing a lot of talking  I may just be a bit backwards cause I don't like to steal the light :)
Thank you(:
jesus!
i like learning french  how about you? =)
IDKKK!!!GOD?! Not understndin this  srry its like 3am hah
Do you like Tom Cruise movies?
Have you ever collected stickers that are on fruits?
Yes it is lots of fun :) I wouldn't mind learning latin. Its a dead language of course but apparently there are a lot of good things you can get out of latin and a bunch of things are based on it.
this one and the one about boys at six flags flirting with you that were older  yeah that's too
yes
Dance the robot. :]
hahaha im pretty sure he has a girlfriend  and even if he didnt there are sooo many pretty girls than me.
jack.
in between. i have a boyfriend that likes to contribute to my cleaniness with his messiness.
I THINK SHE GOT U ON MYSPACE
dont be silly  wrap ur willy! lol
r How much do looks matter to you in a guy/girl?
If you had to cook dinner for someone tonight  what would you make?
corona lights :D
I love cheese cubes.
If Uranus had earthquakes would they be called Uranusquakes
cremated because i wanna be spread in the ocean.
Has anyone ever taken a picture of you while you were asleep?
What wood yuh do fo meh???
What happens when you put a lightsaber in water?
In your opinion  is being argumentative a positive trait or a flaw?
Give it back to them. I don't really hate anyone..
idk haha maybe beowulf:]
i think the death jokes are worse.
Can bald men get lice?
smile. eyes. complection
yesssssssssssssss :D
Youuur daddyyy  <3
What do you think makes a person snap and kill someone?
Shh....Dnt tell any1 k? haha! NOTHING! MWAH!
I've had a lot in the last year.
not really
Don't be anonymous. Share your name :]
great  yours?
depends on who their spying on.....
tv cuz i can always find my shows online :D
hmm  foohl  i said dont approve xD
Do you have any concerns at this moment?
How well do you handle rejection?
why do we yawn when we see other people yawning?
lala
Yes but it was for the good. They meant a  lot to me at the time  but at the time I was being a stupid girl. :l
ummmm..
haha damn the ninja thing gave it away
when you feel like you accomplished things you wanted to do and had the time of your life
Both
i cant tell you that because it would give it away...but i didnt know you personally last year...
Usually I can.
Your gorgeous :)
a what?
What would you like to have named after you?
Anything your parents should know about?:
What's the best invention EVER made?
yes. and that movie is hilarious btw. :) i would not be living there first off.....hahaha but i would trick them somehow. tell them of a better place on a landfill reserve.
y0 v @q!N  sm3lL lykK c0tT  (h33s3
What's your favorite music genre?
YES :)
never. I hate that.
nope. but i wink at timmy sometimes :]
haha!! it is haha lol!! man i hvnt even gotten 2 dat part yet! FML hah
What is your guilty pleasure Disney movie?
Yes i have. Not the newest one with Will Smith's kid and the chinese boys pickin on him but i have all the others with the white kid  hahaha there all great movies :)
thank you! oooooohhh hot brownies right out of the oven :D
like 4 or 5
they didnt'
live life love
yea it's different from warm cali  but's cool :D weeeell gtg now :| gonna meet some friends i a few minutes lol.bye :] xx
You can only have one kind of sandwich. Every sandwich ingredient known to humankind is at your immediate disposal:
Whats yo fav position
heyy!
DINA!(:
i know! seriously! whoever they are obviously doesnt have the BALLS to tell me to my face or at least tell me who they are lol
What happens to an irrisitable force when it hits an immovable object?
ummm idk i do and i dont haha
hobbies
where in ohio are you from?
-Haa you guessedd righhtttt:Dr its Maryyyy(: ahhh ilovee this picture!!!!!!!!!! mayb becuase youhr in it babe<3
silliest. idk haha im pretty silly all the time
Lol I lovee youu too!<3
sometimes
no i live on my own :)
have you watched Karate Kid? I watched it yesterday  it's a very nice movie :)
lay out and swim :)
Well any planet in the universe would involve planets that aren't named to me yet...therefore yes I would :) love to go to a planet we've never heard of!! haaha Yes i would live there.
crazyness.
Because she is an amazing person  and I hope that she would agree with me when i say we're close friends...
what part of louisiana was you born in?
Oh wow haha i just read that  guy/girl's(?) poem Love how my name is in it i feel honored jk
well thats just too bad now isn't it? [;
Be honest: Do you have a song by Ozzy Osbourne in your library?
ahaha
Not at all. well i guess with timmy i am. he'll get me anything lol but not when I was a kid.
Who are yew??
give me your number<3 ;)
ow much cash do you have on you?
the  way people are to each other.
yesh
Do you know a alcoholic?
I want ________ to be my sister.
DoIhKnowYuh?r AndYuhrLike...SpammingMyFS.
Uhhhhh? Who is this?
Yeahh
Whats your IQ?
u would call me coz i said so and im extremely bored mwhahahaa  im guessing angel but i met more ppl on that day so it could be anyone....
random song of the day?
yes. I think it should be made into a cologne/
is love really blind? why or why not?
haaa its all qud  sorry abouht the hoe thinq  iwas mad lol
whre do u wanna go 2 college
he is a really good friend
whats ur favorite band?
cough drops. deodorant. glasses case.
florida and yea
If theres an exception to every rule  is there an exception to that rule?
Your very pretty.
Is it legal to travel down a road in reverse  as long as your following the direction of the traffic?
Hmm I wonderr? Maybee my babeyyboy<3
Are you a risk taker? If yes  what kind of risks had you taken? If not  why not?
It's been a while. Prolly like 6 months or so..r Which is pretty good being that I turned 21 on the 17th ;)
toilet paper.
Shouldn't the opposite of shut up be shut down?
are you foing out???
I don't ive always liked kylee sooo get outta my bisnatch!!!
do you love justin?
Hahaha  it kinda seems like it's one person just repeatedly asking you if you're fake to irritate you. They're a low life  who need to find better things to do than start crap on the internet with someone they're jealous of (;
Haha  i knowww.r i was kiiddding!
Aww thanks a ton. but honestly what?
whats you favorite movie of ALL TIME
Maybe 2
Why do people always think something can't happen to them  until it does?
i know  i know  i know! :)
I dont ever rememeber peeing my pants?
Chocolate or Vanilla?
How many TRUE best friends do you have?
sweeeeeeeeeeeet
hhahahaha okay :) nice opinion.
nope neva did
waaaiiiitttt what?
boxers or briefs... or boxer briefs lol
What is more difficult for you; looking into someones eyes when you are telling someone how you feel  or looking into someones eyes when they are telling you how they feel?
i think serious enough
hmmm thats a good question
im not completely sure but i would probs have to say off air or here in ur arms.
The upkeep of downtown. its beautiful in what you can find in an innercity but the horrible the way it gets soooo run down by the next year or so. its sad really.
Who was the last person to call you?
Do you like your name?
yes actually :) you feel pretty awesomely special when your walking in. hahha
Faveee Timee  Sport
Definantly. I just haven't found anyone like me.
are you sick of hearing about michael jackson yet?
Does it bother you when someone says they'll call you and they don't?
Did you French kiss before you were 16?
We're all Human. its in some ours genetics i believe.
ha  yeah  cleveland rocks! where was your first kiss?
What is your best birthday memory?
very much so when it comes to things i believe in or think i should stand up for..
Are your underwear and socks folded in your drawer or just thrown in?
Are yuh single and ready 2 mingle?!
What famous person do other people tell you that you most resemble?
Uhhmm. Myself(:
haha me too  haha iloveyouutooBABYY<3;D
I have many! 2many actually bhut i guess when i found my lifetime friends ;D
st8
yes. duh? ha
Are you and   best friends?
Do you get excited over cameras?:
Lol how many?
probably just the movie itself
noooooooooooooo you dont have a name
Yup yup!!:P
If you could be a bird  what would you choose to be?
Actually  IhDontMind..GoAhead
remembering. but i have some crazzyyy dreams haha
its frmo south park lol
yeash yew do lolss
Have you ever dreamt about something more than once?
oo i gotchu yeah. manee
What one thing are you exceptionally good at?
im 30 u
very generous.
What do you think about people who dip? Like chewing tabbacco
im still in love with my first love.
Star Trek or Star Wars?
how often do you go braless?
have you ever had a cub sandwich?
Idk.
What does shaving cream taste like?
i likey.
The love of my life :]
Dina?
Why do people fear for no reason in your opinion?
If you could be on the cover of any magazine  which would you choose?
when timmy gets home :)
whare do you live? which countr i mean lol ^_^
Wow... someone wants to smell your FEET???
My boyfriend
nope :)
Do you get mad when people lie to you?
okay  welll the question that was asked was if i was fake  as in useing someone else pictures off the internet. and really i take that as a compliment because all the people who are ''fake'' i think look reall pretty soo stfu.
Does a Marks-A-Lot marker  mark any more than a regular marker?
Do you ever count your steps when you walk?
hahahahha :)
i would probably make it so the people in my family were happy.
Rice :] haha
What annoys you most about living at home with your family?
if its someone that
If you could go only to one restaurant for the next five years  which would it be?
Do you have two formsprings me? Because I'm following a different account and it's still you? Haha
Tell me who it is cause I really don't know?
Kaylas house...

Name something you bought on your last trip to the store.
omg who wrote this? and umm please dont ask that again lol hes 21 im 14 :/
Good night every one   Spam me and I will do the same ** kisses **
Have you ever been bitten by a spider? If yes  what happened?
do you think letting go means you love best?
define what a bitch is haha
when can i see u again?
how many cartwheels can you do in a row?
the cheesey kind
after the viewing of said video footage who sees it next?
Are you easily offended?
Well idk who youu are  So ..hha im afraid of strangerrrs.
Two.
Leeme' get choo' numbaa ;)
Why is it that some of us are cursed to constantly think? While on the other hand other people so rarely do so?
Do you remember your dreams?
yua gt dat liil H.B.M. fwum me yua needa cool iiT
i dont hate her  i just dont like somethings she does  doesnt mean those jokes arnt ourss?
im a lover not a fighter.
Spam time :))) My questions can be a bit too much so if your not comfortable tell me to unfollow you! Thanks
What's your ethnicity?
What's your secret?
hm i don't have one
Sunset :]
A boa knife by the bed. a in thick lead pipe under my end table and i guess anything thats around..my laptop cords to strangle or we have wood chisels that would take out an eye lol
If you're in college or graduated from college  what is/was your major?
Does it annoy you when people kiss in public?
oil spill  and world peace and world hunger :] i know thats 3 but i cant choose lol
Why do you think people lie?
hot cheetos :D oh! and el torito salsa :D
I would call it being curious   but naah(: Aree you
My bedroom door.
what do you like best about formspring?
yes if i was starving. theyre filled with lots of juicy vitamins.
Name 3 cheese products you like.
hmmm im not sure.
The last song you listened to?
If u got out of a relationship 3 months ago can you still say you just got out off a relationship?
What the hell.
haha what?
water!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Do you ever think humans will be satisfied?
Of course I can(:
profile song!!!
When someone says that somethingjusthappened  what is the time period That comes to mind?
I don't know what an ocean park is.. but if it counts  I've went to seaworld twice :]
What would you consider a serious question?
what is the strongest emotion a human has?
Why'd you go to jail?
Name a movie or movies you can watch over and over?
Last night. Me  My boyfriend went to the store and I started pickin up all kinds of things to buy and was like what the heckk did I even come here for!! :/ haha Thank goodness for my bf having his head on straight.
hello :]] sup? ;p
everyone judges. maybe not conciously but all humans unconciously judge even its only for a second. :] no worries i say i dont judge either. haha
Longest relationship?
Hell yahh(; LOl I love you too babeyyygirl<3 no matterr what
Would you consider yourself to be fashionable?
are you reliable?
nothing. sorry im uninteresting currently haha ive beens ick
to the corner of it and cry :D
haha yeeee im awesome(:
Justin Bieber.Duh.  Russia! ;]
...........999 a girl?? lol oh god why did u make me so stupid??
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Have you saved a life?
yes lol
more than ever
Go back to sleep and hope its a dream hahahahahha
Which is your favorite day of the week? why?
Never.
Have you ever spent an entire day in bed without being sick?
Have you ever cheated during a game?
who du u like
Have you ever found a four leaf clover?
Nopee. Its been a while actually lol
Tell me something about you that most people dont know.
correction.........sex..........its not rape if i enjoy it ;) lol
Haha Sureee
how many languages do u speak?
Yes I would(:
Actually i do!!! Just my whole experience with this fake a$$ friend!!</3
Theodore. He always gets yelled at :)
What's your favorite kind of flower
Do you own shirts with funny sayings on them? If so  which is your favorite?
the way i want to lol :]
How many times were you on the phone to someone today?
fav outdoor activity?
HA! goin to georgia just to see my dad's mother! Ugh i cnt stand her bhut God bless her soul! LONG LIFE STORY! haha
nigga u fresh as fuck.!
helllo :)
buncha dream questions...hahaha r r its a mix of both real and nonrealistic..mostly weird once again.
a neckalce given to me by my love(: <3333
yes i think so
Has anyone told you a secret this week?
kkkkk i think ive got this message like 18 times already haha
with candles and a few good friends and family :]
Starbuckks!!!!(:
Who is the most annoying celebrity?
If you had a ghost what would you want it to do?
nice. rub it in hahaha
If a book on How to achieve success? is a failure  is it a success?
what would you do if someone said they hated you  to your face? :O
what are the 6 impossible things before breakfast?
Heyy ghurrr!!! Wuzz upp!! haha nuttin much just busyy!! hbu ma?
he has actually. and i thought if we were ggoing to keep conversating you would reveal your anonymousness. you know you asked buncha ppl bout their feet..lol
Who was the last person you hugged?
lol i knew wat u were talking about i say that to anyone that ask lol and no =]
whats my birthstone?
Do you listen to music every day?
like twice a month
I have before. but its been a while. I can do anything :)
What's on your desktop?
sorry i think you left the book in the stands  get the joke right if your going to take it love :)
Do you really care what people think about you? If so  why?
do you like adtf
Put my towels back on the fckn rack! lol im 2 lazy 2 do it bhut it looks trashy when i keep it on tha floor.
do you like like that ''jaybee alexander''??
Is Obama the President the we all ever wished for?
You're most certainly welcome :) would it be alright if i were to send you a text message? ;D
Who was your first celebrity crush?
What music video would you like to appear in or would have appeared in?
mhm..
What do you dislike the most?
ohio
Aah  he seriously is! Butttt i guess thats okayy! I love him too. :) andd  yeahh; pretty muchh! no doubt about it. (:
No because then u will know who this is.
Seeing all the people that have passed away and just living for yourself and not the worldly pleasures like money and sex and blahhh bull crap
What is your biggest accomplishment?
Ey r u Cheyenne? I thought u live in Montana?????
Chocolate or Vanilla?
ewww i hate that stuff :P
How old are you before it can be said you died of old age?
Name 3 drinks you regularly drink?
really its black if u see it the scientific way how interesting lol
Favorite Christmas movie?
Are you a leader or a follower?
yes. my sis usually
lol yea you are
formspring.me/aleak    PLEASE!!!
Have you ever made someone so mad that they broke something?
a different place. utopia.
People actually remembering you mentioning male attention specifially; Six flags blah blah and what not is kind of creeeeepy! And I sense major jealousy. I guess boys don't flirt with them? Pathetic. --Sam
What can you say about Kurt Cobain? Impress me.
lyrics for You Should Have Killed Me When You Had The Chance ADTR
ohio  usa
Do you prefer to work independently or on a team?
Tell me about something you really care about?  XD
How do you make holidays special?
What would be the single most worst thing for you to hear?
mhm
Not in the shower but i do in the stand up tanning beds hahahha
L O V E broccoli. cheesey broccoli hahaha
Was there anything unusual about your birth?
would you give a Homeless Person Money or food ??
idkk... mwauuuhhh!(:
thanks :) i think you would too! I just dont because im not wrapped around the hs drama anymore. therefore im not in it..so oh well.
What do you think of the Saw movies?
hi!
Elequant. Its how I do. haha Dress nicely. I don't really dress myself to get other guys attention. I like to look pretty is all
What is your all time favorite comedy movie?
Do you listen to christian rock?
If you could know the future but not change it would you still want to know what it is?
favorite color?
do you think that a size 10 is fat? i'm trying to be a size 5 by the end of the year.
Do you fear or respect the law more..why do you say that?
Well thank you :] you are too!
not good  i don't like being teased ;)
dont have phone sex.....you could get hearing aids...or dont be silly wrap ur willy.
iDnt think ya ready for it !!
no komment
what was the last movie you saw in the theater? what was the last movie you PAID to see?
Hmm I love the beatles :]
yeah. money i love finding it too
Hmm. Celebrity? Idk. Ummmm perhaps  Jennifer anniston Because she's always trying to do something with the earth and helping others.
Can someone honestly be thinking about nothing? (I don't think it's possible BUT that could just be me.)
Well I am off for right now. As I said I am still deciding on deleting this account and quitting spamming. Have a good day <3
Hmmm..the second one i guess. but id have to go cammando.
Do you collect people in jars? If so what type of people and why? If you wont put bodies in jar's how else do you intend on disposing of you're victims bodies? Ask a question back? :)
What is your favorite salad dressing?
because banks are not trees
We have exits ramps that are for getting on and off at the same time  when most states have them separate. Most people don't realize that :) haha
no. i think its pretty lame and would be annoyed if it happened to me
Its da shit! Fun stuff
What is your guilty pleasure Disney movie?
yeah if i tried.
lol ummm idk i like alot of them :D
Do any of your friends have children?
If you had to throw away either your TV or your computer  which would you choose?
jesus.
yes
yep
ummmm idk haha
heyllo.(:
Why do most people feel the need to be better than someone else?
hahahahahahahahahahaha people these days
Quit trying to make everyone feel sorry for you
If a bald person works as a chef at a restaurant  do they have to wear a hairnet?
If vegetarians love animals so much  why do they eat all their food?
no
Harry Potter or Lord of the Rings?
are you single?
both :)
What is one thing you will never do even if paid too?
Ummmm you outta know ;)
i love youuuuuuu (:
Which is the song that makes you cry?
would u ever go bungee jumping like justin did?
what movie that you would like to watch over and over again? why?
the one im in now. one year and 3 months
LOL what's this with people asking you about smelling your FEET? And apparently  in an even stranger twist  someone already has smelled your feet?
Awww man you just reminded me! I wtch it sometimes bhut i love Big Mike! Pplz are really wrong bout letting Katie go!! Argh
idk
Idk Haha thanks but there are always those that are cuter.
Do you shower in the morning or at night before bed?
give mi ur myspace
Why do doctors leave the room when you change? They're going to see you naked anyway.
:))
What is another word for thesaurus?
We are family.
Dude thank you sooo much  that's what I've always wanted!!! Haha
Nope  time is not of essence to me
NOpe. I used to but then i deleted it because i liked formspring more and didn't have many followers on it.
One place you'd like to explore the most  :D
no i dont think so. i think it would prolly get lonesome watching everyone you grow to care about die and go on with out you. knowing that you'll never die.
ewww why would you wanna know this shit
do you like atlanta  GA
I would say ok.
Are you still shy to talk about sex??
its been a while
Hey  hows yah momma?!
Do you leave voice messages?
What do you question the most in life?
i really like dane cook
yes :)
the nicest thing someone has ever done for would probaly be  when sam my sister just told me for no reason that i was a really good person and stuff
If you were a toy  what toy would you be?
If you bumped your car into another car  but nobody saw you do it  would you leave your name and address?
GIRLS  Do|Have you cheered? GUYS  Do|Have you played football? :]
sometimes i do
What is one unique thing about you?
Where did you learn how to drive? I learned in the freeway lol i was paranoid as fuck!!!
Any plans to become a doctor someday?
1 being least? then like 2. ive watched horror movies that scared the shit out of me lol
Do you really  truly miss someone right now?
at the same time...... whaaaaaaaaaat? lol
when people ask you questions
hmm..i dont think so
What was the last gift that you gave someone?
Have you ever bowled a strike?
Any time i think about doin that i forget im counting and then by the time i get to the end im like dang it!! haha
brah u noe britteny french bi-sexual she said she not do u believe her?
After you have a dream  do you mostly wake up remembering it or not?
What is the most impressive thing you've ever done or been a part of?
Do you dance in the shower?
haha ummm  6th grade. like the middle of the year but i only wore them sometimes cuz i only had one pair. now its all i wear since 7th
What does music do for you?
folded
both. but usuallly make them
Where were you born?
Who do you like?
Who's the most talented person you know?
keep my mind busy. paint. draw  write. lay out and tan  clean  blahh lol
nothing else to do in life.
I went to a wedding party this saturday! :] it was fun. I danced a lot ahhaha
Did you talk to someone until you fell asleep last night?
Have you ever seen someone who you KNEW had Herpes? What was your reaction?
Do you prefer Chinese or Mexican?
no im not ya rite !!!
yes. love it
so hows life in your neck of the woods?
ONE? ive done lots of fun things. i go to parks and rollerblade. ive been to panama beach with 6 other girls for vaca. i got to spend an entire weekend with my family this past weekend. i paint colorful paintings...lots of fun things
nahhh. they're just curious
<3 I love you  you're so beautiful.  I wanna be your boyfriend too.
any makeup tips? i suck at doing my makeup lol
Woah Im Jealous  Well Hey Stranger :)
not at all :) look away haha
ahahah ndd ii lovee mee alott off myy lil floricell(: <33
Do bald people get Dandruff?
If you were an animal what would you be?
how many questions are in your inbox? :)
Wait. Are you Cheyenne? I sent a request to you? Wait  why is your name Tabitha?? R u fake????
I lovee you too mamszz(; LOl
No regrets  truly and ive done some stupid things but i wouldnt be where I am now without them :]
Concert you went to that you will never forget?
Have you ever had a secret admirer? (what did he/she do for you)
Something that happened today that made you angry?
Timothy. Because he would prolly be following behind the cop car waiting in the waiting room for me already.
least? someone that got mad  hurt  or upset because of me
Ewwwwwweyy.
orange. bright orange.
ummm no. im not bored enough to do that haha
what age would you like to have kids?
Ohh mann this is a GREAT  Chrissy Michelle Savannah AJ Bianca and lotss more + you!<33
whats the last thing you do before going to bed
lovely day in with my family :]
What's your biggest phobia?
Oh yess hahaha!((:
yes. raccoon. and i freaked. it was coming onto the expressway. only thing ive ever hit and plan on hitting. haha
Are you silly or serious?
nope
favorite alcoholic drink
mmm
Would you find a lighter in your room if you were to look right now?
hahahahahahahahahaha........................ :)
the most ticklish part of your body is..
hahhahahahahah i love you.r MARKERS! a new blue and a new purple one. please :Dr crayola :)
suree might be a bit cuz im on thaaa phone
hold my hand? hahaha
Y do u even like him
have you ever had Chicken Pox?
i was 18
Shore am :] Timothy Carson.
Love it :]
What's the nicest thing someone's ever done for you?
Ello (:
Do you have any tattoos?  If not  any plans to get one?
laugh out loud
sheos  hate  medication
Are you a morning or night person?
IF U LIVE FOREVER WAT DO U LIVE FOR?????
hahah thankyou :)
Wow. this is a hard 1 i dnt think ive had 1 or i have many! I love my smoothies tho! YUMMIE!
hahha your fine :) i like your questions.
sometimes hehe :]
its good. i like how she incorporated her life in her newwest album. after her having a kid and all..
Yes. I worked at a hospital and i feel i contributed to saving a lot of lives :)
Would you rather work at a large company or a small one?
school...kinda
Do you generally believe people when they telly ou sorry? Or do you question it?
the Illuminati ;they can suck my dickk
Its so long to explain. lol I have weird dreams that totally blow me away when i wake up. thats all ill leave it at. haha my mind is very creative sometimes  it suprises even me lol
N E V E R.
I dont know if the mean comments really stopped  i think you just stopped replying. and personaly i think that makes you the bigger person. you inspire me:)
Can you go underwater without holding your nose?
yes.
ew you shat public? XD
i live with my boyfriends family and i think that explains it enough
even if you save it  your always going to eventually spend it. so to make good out of it   i'd spend it right away!! :]
do you like cats?
Not at all
hip hop
Have you ever been cow-tipping or snipe-hunting?
when it matters
USA.
i can't stop watching carrie underwood clips!!! im listening to cowboy casanova rite now!!!! :) i am soooo excited!!!! OMG
Yes. when and where?
Nope.
sorrrrrrrrrrry.
hmmm..yesterday. My boyfriend and he was being mean. like always... :(
Do u like Krista?
thanks
kkk?
yeppppppppppppppppppp
beach.
What website do you spend the most time on?
Who are you? :-)
do you think you're fat?
A L W A Y S
are children who act in R rated movies allowed to see them
Did you know gullible was written on the ceiling?
I love doggies :) and not right now. at my parents i do. if that still counts when you no longer live with them. but yes :) they are bull mastiffs. pure bred. akc registered. sweet looking dogs. :) haha
Do strangers try to talk to you too? (One old drunk dude just struck up a convo with Xen at the store.)
Can you do a cartwheel?
yeeesss so much
Thank you. Nice to know im not alone :) haha
What would your perfect day look like?
Bomb the white house.
car accident :/
Do you think that society has become emotionally detached?
do you like politics?
what is your ideal date?
Whats the stupidest thing you ever did with your cell phone?
Ikrr that wud be awesome!!! I wish ;D
Why do people kill themselves if a certain person does not love them?
Do more people know u by a nickname or by your first name?
nahhh
okay :)
WHO IS FRIENDS WITH THE OLD LADIE AT THE BUS STOP LOL
Where does most of your family live?
What is coolhot  and only as smart as the person using it?

I would tell th
Do you believe in Karma and Destiny?
uhmmm
my sister. :0
Hey!
jennifer aniston/vince vaughan
how people are endlessly cruel to one another
lol possibly
no.
I am off for the night. I hope you have agreat one! I will talk to you people tomorrow morning before my family shows up. <3
Nope im secretless.
What does your last text say?r
I dont think so. A bug a few times lol when im riding my bike but thats about it.
Why did you make a FS account?
nahh
Have you ever done one of those win free stuff things?
Uhm.I would make it her night and she would get to go anywhere she wanted to go(:
I dont watch tv much  especially in the warmer months.r But if I were to be strapped to a chair and placed in front of a television. It would be how its made or the animal planet :]
have u seen JUSTIN BIEBER in person? (:
Have you ever eaten chocolate in bed?
phsycology. i like to learn about the brain
Have you ever had a poem or a song written about you?
Do you have a lot of friends?
hello.
Hahaha  someone said like the same thing to me VVVVV 'cause I'm Married to Chris XD
kk
Do you prefer hot coffee  iced coffee  or neither?
going to Idaho and go to see my Idaho friends is the same thing. So pick a different wish
i would say. cool im adopted?!! haha and then say welp that was a shocker. and go on with life. cause its not by blood who is your parents. its who took care of you all your life and cares for you and loves you! :)
123 or 789?
Name everyone that made you smile this week
yup sure can :)
Do you eat jello when you are sick?
Nursing :]
What did you think when you found out snape could have been harry potter's father?
your perfect.
Sureee. Let me catch up with my inbox but i'll get too you!! ;)
i hate that so much
Sunrise or Sunset?
I dk what spaghetti bolognaise is? haha enlighten me????
okay ha
If I had I a lot of $$$$ I would probably ____________.
Where'd you find out about formspring.me?
My independence.
FLOOR.
nope. dont mock good sir.
Between a man and a woman  who cheats more? why?
If you could lose one emotion  which would you like to lose?
Do you like to touch sharp objects?:
on roads?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
I have already. theyr'e aswesome.
Nope. I don't eat much meat actually but I don't think I need to label myself to eat what I want when I want it. lol. I lovee me some veggies <3
Think of a movie that starts with the letter K
Pfftt!! nahhh i hve never been outta this country!! Argh! hve yuh?! haha
I love roller coasters!! :]
Hey you know that Smurfet is the only female smurf... do you think shes a hoe?
Numb by linkin park
pokemon yes or no?
NOPE IM NOT BIANCA EITHER:) heres a clue...i come from new zealand;) LOL
so i just hadda say this
When you were little did you ever ask your parents to buy you an umbrella rainbow hat? i did haha!!!
YUH AREEE!!!<3
I'll send you the links. When I get on my laptop I'm using my phone. She has a facebook  myspace  and my yearbook
Of course! I sure would :)
veryy intelligent :]
Nope. hah that'd be a good story to tell though if i did
are good  im in a cookie club :)
The yellow one!
hahah why?
third arm :) i think i could do so much more haha
yes sure am :)
If you could rid the world of one thing  what would it be?
hey?
Have you ever pranked your parents?
Did watch heroes? Who was your favorite character? What was your favorite power?
Have you ever been arrested?
Nahh
What's one thing you own that you should probably throw away  but never will?
what advice can you give to a person who is so insecure of you?
Do you like wild parties with lots of people?:
Do you own slippers?
Heyy. I've been offline fer three days. What did you do while I'm gone?
Ur a cutie :D
u30c4 You come across a zombie eating a waffle on a popsicle stick holding a dark green toothbrush. What do you do? o O lol u30c4
yeahh. im over this convo  on to th nextt onee! ahahaha. hello.
ignorance is reallly annoying. im guessing your meaning my anger? soo yeah i cant stand rudness. its not necessary and I can totally rip a persons head for trying to degrade another. It drives me crazzzy :0 haha
What is happiness to you?
im just a littla down  its okay :)
what's up?
can you pls ask me some questions? :)
How would you describe your personality?
Do you wear mental chains?
he could would he get it is the real question
I am going to be off here for a few days cause of family and other reasons. Leave me stuff. I will return it. Once again if you don't want to be spammed just TELL ME. Thanks.
 no?
so you said you were on your way like an hour ago  you only live like 15 min away..where youu be? ;D
where would you most like to live?
Stretch your left arm out as far as you can  What can you touch?
Your into Pryce?
rather..none. I think they're kinda of degrading to the female race. But bodacious booty if i had to choose..haha
What rock group or star would you like to hang out with?
I had to listen to my parents. Not listening wasn't an option but once I got older and moved out now i take their advice with a grain of salt and do what i want :)
you were given two plane tickets to the Philippines..all expenses paid..who will you take with you?
if you could be any celebrity for a day  who would you be  why?
mhm ohkay slide yo numba nd iWill met yew lol
Okay I am done for right now. I can smell brains frying all the way from here. Ask me stuff? <3 Thank you.
Queen being that im a lady. and Miss Universe to be more exact. That's be awesome! And what I want for one year..who wouldnt want that lol
wow.. it's 7:54pm here haha.. what'd you have for breakfast?
hahahahahahah lmao  i am straight. i think its funny to act like a lezbian thankyouverymuch. your acting like mrs.dallor.
What are your plans for the weekend? I'm going to Miami :] <3.
Is there anything in your house that glows in the dark?
Sooooooo srry this is late!!!:) im juzz doin mothur freakin boring!!:) zzzzzz zzzz snore snore!!:) LMBO
how old are you?
Do you own any game consoles?
im a HUGE perv
I miss you too !(:
If you could have a super power  what would it be?
What's your dream car?
yes we are! latinos are the smexiest ones alive! :]
Ever looked at a guy and then checked out his Package ??
Do you feel under appreciated?
Beach or Mountains?
Yes as a matter of fact. why does that make me a one of those people??
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
What song did you last sing out loud?
what's your most used word?
Yes. When its nescessary
Would you feel major pain in your whole body for the rest of your life if it meant that one person you love would never feell pain or hurt again?
Not very often
Favorite store?
Are dollar stores cool?:
dsfdsfdsgfdfgsd
as a kid did you have a collection of anything? (Shayla's pawpaw buys her a kids Harley shirt from every store he stops at.)
thats all for now people ill do more later. let me know in a message if u want me to stop spamming you
:D hahahahahahahah
Ahh.. Probably Cookies! D:
Umm Bunch of people just joined  and i got bored  so i wanted too!
Do astronauts change their clocks when they move over different time zones in space?
Okay little mad cause of some relationship crap but im over it like always haha
If God created them then hellz yes!
How much did you get for your teeth?
too much sometimes.
Twitter Family <333
You are :)
why do you want to throw up so much
Is it better to get too much or too little sleep?
I dreamt that those hugerobots from the car ads were out to kill me  i escaped from a palace in a revolution with an emo king  queen and khia was there too LMAO so i ran away  got to my old area and my fam were having dinner...
I don't know.
What is your idea of a PERFECT date?
PURPLE. not lavendar. Eukkkk. Deep dark sensational violet :)
someone
bahaha thats funny and yes
wat state do u live in?
Have you ever wondered how many people have lied to you?
nope and nope
Have you ever made out with someone of the same sex? Why?
Do you prefer regular or chocolate milk?
Would you ever wait tables at a restaurant?
multiple times :]
R u going out with John John?
ashlee....i've had the biggest crush on you for awhile!  i don't go on here a lot.  but please message me on www.findersingle.com under the username wishfulthinker.  please don't get all weird.  =)
Tabitha  I love you. Please come into my life and love me. You are my life  it kills me that you don't love me back :(
have you ever seen a snow leopard or a red panda?
I have a chocolate. r A blackberry would be nice to carry I suppose but its a waste of money. All phones do the same for what I need. textingg :] ha
Never........
HOW U LYK YO BRED TOASTED????
idk sometimes.
Do you think demons are real?
What's your favorite place to be kissed?:
hahahahah lmao sorry i deleted it  but i thought you ent like you didnt aprove of it hahah
Hi April!!!
Do you recycle?
yes. i dont eat them. haha
i love you tabi your beautiful  and the ''people'' saying that is actually one persone hahahahahah so dont worry about it  you didnt even do anything in the first place :)
Yess :)
Haha and we both sat in that chair in Starbucks and we were taking pictures and everyone was staring at us
i didnt eat. im sick :(
hahah yeah he is my husband :) and i willl!!!!!!!!!!!!! thankyou :D
yea :)
Sneakers or sandals?
If everyone got what they wished for do you think the Earth would be a better or worse place?
How can sweet and sour sauce be sweet and sour at the same time?
i didnt know it was
Do you know karate?
typical. jeans and a cute blousee
you know.. you're pretty cool :]
Name something you do when youre alone that you wouldnt do in front of others.
Not today. I havent even been out of the house.haha
have you ever had sex?
Would you describe yourself as an argumentative person?
craziest? i havent. only a raccoon.
Nope.
no i like guys to much.
  b!+(H l!k3 m3 m0 @n$Z n $(R3 @mSzZ
:D nada
y0 d!(K !Z b33FY
Spam me??
Do you like mustard?
i like how justin calls you tabitha
Why do you think people cuss or curse?
Nope. Show your face? why dont you?
hmmm i havent been scared in a while
Honestly  do you think you are sometimes guilty of stereotyping?r
Have you ever been ashamed to use your cellphone in public because it was so outdated?
Have you ever tried to kill yourself by holding your breath?
Alllrighhhtyy. :]
i like them all lol
ya damn skippy
how many people can you tell EVERYTHING TO?
Do you wear hoodies often?
If abandoned alone in the wilderness would you survive?
awkward? i dont have too many awkward situations in my life.....so to think of right now idk really..hmmmm ill get back to you on that.
YO DAWG I HERD U LIKE CANS  SO WE PUT A CAN IN YO CAN SO YOU CAN HAVE A CAN WHILE ON THE CAN
I love youu too<3
yes. yes. and yes. ive done all the above before
nope.
everything!!!!!!!hahaha
would you date a complete babe even if you were..(key word were) straight?
How much money do you need right at this moment to be happy?
nope  dont believe me add me on facebook and talk to my family  go to my myspace and look at my billions of pictures of me with friends  or my taggged pics
qualtily :) of course.
haha  sometimes. :)
Urgh no1 yet! Keep hopin though!
i try to take shorter showers to save water  and recycle soda cans and plastic bottles :D
Do you bite your lip a lot?
aww thankss yuu aree to
Panties or Thong?
What is the last store you went to at the mall?
wat concerts have you been too?
no.
Nahh because If i cared what others thought about me i would never get to think about what i care about. Caring about what others think is a waste of all time in my opinion. Its my life. Ill live it the way I want
What to snack on at the movie theatres?
Yes I believe so. I try to be kind to everyone and make the world a little bit better somehow :]
gift. a necklace
Do you loan people money?
No worse. I woke up with a stuffy nose :[
chillinqq yew?
Not currently. Used to..
no regrets.
lol how
why yes he is.................my mum still wants to no the lotto numbers lol.
maryy me tabi
*wearr hmmm haha okay.r w/e
2007. wow to think about it  it's been too long  anyways.. to PANAMA for a graduation girls vaca!
nope. half korean
hiiii im tabiiii
i love you to :D
OMG! really?! cool thats so awesome! yeah i wanna learn more languages bhut french is already enuff 2 deal wit! ha
Do you have a fetish?
hahaha yeah i know  and i figured
Noooo.
ckute.!
:)
When was the last time you completely broke down?
friends or god?
Haha thanks lady. r Worst habit: giving everyone the benefit of the doubt.
thank you very much. You seem pretty cool as well :] ha
No
i am using  to ask y'all in just one click.. =) do you guys have twitter? follow me plss =)  =)
iFUCKINLoveyou!!!<33 xox ha!
What would your dream job look like?
kill them
well fine  cutest boy you know?
favorite food when it's sizzling hot?
how many hugs do you get a day?
Would you ever look down on someone else for having a abortion?
What were you doing the last time you really had a good laugh?
you guys obviously dont understand my TREND that i have SET:'O aaanyyywhoooooooo. uuuhm markers or colored pencils or crayons and what color 0_o these are getting hard now:D
aries.
Yess it was pretty cute ;)
Hey  it's your cousin again :] When are you coming to visit us? I'm gonna make a formspring :]
i own a couple duffle bags but no suitcases.
Idk.. wait WHaaaa? lol
mcdonald's
Who's the sexiest man alive?
yes I do :) its calming haha
not shailee. me of coarse. :)
My eyes! They are light brown and beautidul in the sun!(; Thanks God! oh and my hands! and ass lol jkjK!
haha thanks to you or i would have never been named an honerary ninja :)
i like them :) hahaha
Who is your favorite member of Short Stack?
thanks though :) i appreciate it
I just got called a bitch. LMAO! Is there something you hate being called?
my ass and tits ;] jk idk i guess my personality?
lmao
If you had to perform at the circus  what trick would you do?
I dont know but i did like pollyanna?
your beautiful
Uhhh!!! lmao!! U got me lmao! jkjk we can go on 4 like eva! Lezzzdoooittt I Love you more than yo own momma! AHHA!!
What do you think about guys who sag their pants?(girls) What's your thoughts on women who's thongs are showing? (guys)
What was the question?
chicken veggie penne. Its amazingg :]
Have you ever collected stickers that are on fruits?
What do you plant to grow a seedless watermelon?
oh well you should really watch jar squatter sick video sick as in holy shit i cant believe he did that... i dare you to watch it and not look away are you up to the challenge?
ever dyed your hair? if so how many times?
sure i guess.....................great question lol :D
LMFAO!  If you haven't seen this  you totally need to.
you wake up the next mornin -with little memory of the previous nights actvities- in between to very attractive girls/guys (whatever applies) theres a video camera with last nights events whos sees it first?
Do you dream in color?
only one car.. :( booo
kkk. have fun!
samanthaaaaaaaaaa
i decided since its almost your unbirthday that im gunna send you a present
Just so you know ;)
Do you like Vitamin Water?
What if god was one of us?
not bad haha
What would be the worst disease to have?
hey
Okay so I am pretty much ridiculously jealous of you. You're so pretty!
Would you ever date someone covered in tattoos?
Why are people so mean about prostitues?(No I don;t support their life style.) I mean most of them are scared to die if they do not do what they are told.
the cancer my little brother had to never come back!
Have you ever played a game that required the removal of clothing?:
I don't really think much about it honestly. race  ethnicity  differences  color...its all the same meaning to me. :] we're all different.
No secrets for me this week :(
I know the haters are the motivators(: hahaa i love you too<3
nothing. im in jammas and my glasses. haha so i guess my glasses! haha
Have you ever been to a gay bar?
Where you do want to grow old?
hmmmm. think the part where te guy at support sings tht part makes me tear up=/ La ve boheme is a good one two
You can only have one kind of sandwich. Every sandwich ingredient known to humankind is at your immediate disposal:
EMMA hahahahah :D I MISSSSSeddd YUHHHHh 222222 <33333
If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
idealist :]
hmm..i dont think i would haunt. I would be like Casper the friendly ghost. :) and want to make people friends and have fun all the time :)
soda or Kool aid ??
lol nice question :]
did you help someone today?
join my chat
okayyyy. No. No. None.
Are You Good At Hangman? I Suck At It >.<
Do you own anything leopard print?
Sunshine. Lots of food and hanging with my boyfriend and family :]r Awesomeness.
What was cured ham  cured of?
Closed usually
Have any favourite quotes?
L3+$ h  $3x?    W!ll q!v3 y0u d  b3$+ b3(ky y0u 3v  h
What's your dream car?
my bed? haha
Im a very happy person but I could definantly be happier with some different aspects i my life.
do cats have psychic powers to control babys minds and tell them to take over the bahamas and control the worlds supply of milk?
My baby. Timothy :]
kkkkkk
Yhuuuu and Brandon are ssssssooooo cute !!! ;]<333
Are you scared to lose the person you fell the hardest for? Are you still with this person or have you already lost them?
YES! people just dont know what it is.
i know. im sorry :( haha
Do you do your own dishes?
spam ya ma'am
Intriguing.
you are a cursed chameleon  and you can only live with one of these: having the ability to change your color or the ability to turn your eyes in two different directions. what would you choose? why?
im good (: + you bestfriend
yuppp
Has anyone pulled a prank on you while you were asleep?
ummm.....ahhh hottt seniorrr(:
dgaf :]
Always seems like..
Can a short person talk down to a taller person?
nopeee ;D
will u cook with me in food tec whenever we cook next :P
relation to Miley Cyrus?
BACK OFF MY MAN.r Wait  what man?!r pshhhh. :)
yes.
Yuh m  d  53x m3+3r q0 vv!ld
Tabi  I love you. (: I will meet you one day (;
im not good with pranks. soory :(
Everything really! AHhaha Lovin my HipHop atm! Ester Dean is thee shyyttt!
What is something fun you use to do with your parents?
Nahhh your fine :)
I rather not
:D yeahhhh tottally!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<3
too easily
Nahhh. Things always have a purpose. :]
Scientists. Doctors. Engineers. r Because we would all know how to do everything ourselves.
aw ill ask something so u dont go crazy ^_^  ok um what do you want in life :P
Do youu?
tabi what makes you think it was me?! come back to IF you know you want to
why
Idk much about my birth. So idk lol
my life to get back on track. ... oops i told. does that mean it wont come true?
Yeauh   I'm Really A liar. You're Cool. r i don't lie for stupid reasons.(:
What are your parents like?
just me.
okay forsurre(::
i love my LDS.
Do you watch bugs crawl on the floor?:
Do you know anyone who has broken their thigh bone? Did you know the thigh bone is stronger then concrete?
Anything ethnic!!
say my name. say my name..haha
who is this? haha. add me on facebook then maybe ill tell you haha.
hahahahaha no you wont i know u wont lol he just wants to kow just tell him
Why do people feel weird when they forget their cellphone?
hmm..dogs  cat  fish. Pretty average.
Nope. What'd ya mean Still shy?
what are youu talking about GAYY'BOYYu2665  idid textt you back  YOU didnt text me back!?
you still going to cali!
what's the first job you had?
NAME ONE FEMALE YOU REALLY ENJOY TALKING TO AND BE HONEST
well r i think i really like my friend.. :/
..
Do you like your name?
Hell yes! Lots of them and thats including yuh!<3
Doo You Still Gedd Ass Wopinqq's (: hahaha ;; Ps Dont Lie
iDnt even kno if she iz
POP!
That's okay; I have Aidan(:
What's your favorite way of making people smile?
Isnt that quote from alice in wonderland?
yea that is sooo annoying
If everyone found out NO religion was real  what do you think people would do?
yes. slow danced with my boyfriend :)
What is something you have always wanted to know?
Alexis My Stomach Hurts :/
no
no ya didnt iDidnt get a request
what do you usually do to relieve yourself from hiccups?
Have you ever watched someone drive drunk?
kkkkkk
Cereal!
Dare me :)
huh??
hes sweet to me and willing to do anything for me. but hes very selfish when it comes to being truely selfless sometimes.
hello :)
hahahahah lmfao i laughed out loud. but IM NOT EVEN TALKINBTO HIM HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAH
kkkkkkkkk
Yeah on funniest home videos. funny stuff huh?
y0 d!(k !$ l!K3   c0RND0q
Have any of you girls used the mens restroom before? Guys have you used the womens restroom? I saw a guy today going into the girls restroom cuz the mens was being cleaned lol!!! i was just like wtf?lol
alejandro by lady gaga
cleverrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
ima miss you too  but... im sorry i am haha
Would you rather be really hot or really cold?
whats the most entertaining event youve ever been to?
awwhhh thankyou!!!! your soo nice
what are you afraid of?
Thanks :)
I miss being a kid. yes.
No.
If you had to cook dinner for someone tonight  what would you make?
Are you random or predictable? Why do you think you are this way? Would you rather be the other way?
Favorite lyrics?
Ahh
i guess i would gett fat  and have a baby
nope
I could have a better one. :(
Great you?
deffo the star girls.......
Do you believe in love?
ask me something!!!
Never;;
haha im not a liar(:
Did you ever have a crush you never acted on?
nope
why do butterflies die after a week? (you can make a creative answer =)
I can't believe through out our entire friendship you never told me you were fake D:
Hmm thank you
a scientist lol
nope
What is your greatest regret?
y0 dick size is off da charts
Who was the last person to make you laugh the hardest?
If you could rid the world of one thing  what would it be?
when was the last gift you received?
No.. hate that.
Yes i do!
Basketball<3
You just got a free plane ticket to anywhere. You have to depart right now. Where are you gonna go?
ember.
yes.
Wow some dude wants you rach :/
Justin Bieber Demi lovato and Barack Obama babay!!:D
Do you like beef jerky?
wet it first. always.
How many times have you been cussed out? for me its alot cause of work lol
What vegetable do you most resemble?
Yodda
umm idkk..
Favourite game?
Do you ask questions that sometimes you really don't want the answer too?
anything jennifer lopez haha
i wub you Joie(:
Have you ever cried in public?
Are you a lonely boy?
nothing
Do you tell a person if you see they have toilet paper stuck on their shoe?
how???
probably not lol
can i get a encore? do you want more?
haha yup i know thanks! :D
Well don't because it's crude.
Ever won a spelling bee?
Yeah I know hahaha. they just pop up out of nowhere!  :P
all time? i have no idea. but i love comedy movies so i watch them pretty often
Wow you really are persistent
yes
A painted wooden dragon.
what is your favorite color?
Talk about a time when you got into trouble at school
no
Do you believe sometimes in life you have to be selfish?
ahaa to late i already sent youu onee[;
Nope. Actually the science books with the weight chart says im obeist for my hieght  but they're crazy if I lost weight according to what I should be i'd be skin and bones! I like a little fat on me hahaha
i got a new phone today!
Nico Martinez  why are youu so hott!? Hahaha
Yes.
where are you from thn
what're you wearing right now?
Do you get distracted easily?
Then do it(;
are you working?
yea if your awake haha
What dead person would you least want to be haunted by?
i would answer that but im not so sure of who that is
why doesnt Winnie the Pooh ever get stung by the bees he messes with?
I'm actually pretty happy about myself currently. Buuut if I could  I guess it'd be to be a little taller so I could be a model. :] haha
hahahaha its nothing :) really. its okay.
Pink  Neon green(:
musically  cobra starship. but other than that nope!
What was the best concert you went to?
during the winter i do.
besides the country where you currently live  which country you want to spend the rest of your life?
yes
NOPEEE!! my name starts with b :O
If an orange is orange and called an orange  why is a banana yellow and not called a  yellow?
No. Only because if it were up to fate then noone truly has any choices in life. And well i don't like to be told what to do. I like making my own mind up! :]
If you could transport yourself anywhere instantly  where would you go and why?
wee.. we are in the same field =) so you mean you haven't start college yet?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahhahaha love you to :)
samee here bby gurl
PHONE SExxx boo!
Cincinnati. You?
1 year and 3 months
yea idr tho
if you were to be a bird  what would it be?
to live on a deserted island with friends and family away from the world. money. selfishness. mean people. traffic. cliques. bad influences. annoying laws. limitations and live off of the land like an indian :) haha
Have you ever yelled at a telemarketer?
Do you have a cellphone or iPod with a patterened cover?
thursday. its always overlooked. ahaha
Do you know how to play poker?
Nahh<3
Shaun Diviney's house and everyday haha. we would be besties<3 and Andy and Bradie of course =]
What was the easiest time in you life?
just so you know scarlett wasnt on when that was wrote.
running into a glass window in a mall :P
many times haha
Do you have any obsessions?
not often. i dont download much at all
What are you talking about? Haha
LMAO why would tabi be fake? hahahaha it cracks me up that they put up YOUR picture but put up a different name hahahaha thats low. so. back to a question cuz thats what these are for: hmmm.. do you like caramal apples?
bahahaha noooo SIDE BURNS GUY! and thank you:D
Have you ever fell in love with someone who you knew was no good for you?
What's your worst nightmare?
cheesecake. hmmmm yes cheesecake. raspberry swirl cheesecake ;)
-.- you're pictures aren't on photonucket.r I just checked.
To all the people saying that Tabi is fake: Shut your faces. She isn't fake  I know for a fact.
i dont handle it
lol its cool i dont deny it haha
Idk... its a month that 4 sure lol
pikturess love! ahah yuh dont tell mii nuthinqq no moree ahha I FAWKINQQ MISS YUHH!<3(:
Do I like them  No. Do I think they have a big part in society  yes. So I take part in them. In america  the government is the people. So why do people say they hate politics?r It can make a great conversation sometimes lol
Do you have any piercings?
ahh this is cutee [;
yes i have. i know two people. and my reaction was dang that sucks. i guess tahts what you get for sleeping aroundhuh?
probably 2
lol idk
On Gilligans Island  how did Ginger have so many different outfits when they were only going on a 3 hour tour?
which one? kuz iThink yew tawking bout mi ex
its a beautiful life.
you felt like you could fly :D
welll
kkkkayy
Omg Justin Bieber!!!! :) haha.
What doesn't kill you  only makes you stronger.
Dark. I am a vampire. I am a vampire.
Show your face.
Like 2 in a half years? I think.
Did you ever play duck duck goose as a child?
Cute :)
swine flu.
This person actually told me this fried i had was not a true friend and she wants me 2 still be this person's friend! Thats a NONO!
nahh
do you have twitter? =)
ever tried an ouija board?
its needed just clean it out so its not too visible. ha
what's up? how's timmy and you? haha
Sassy. she was a cat. i hate cat's now. funny and weird huh?
possibly
Shrug it off. I'm prolly there to have a good time so i wouldnt phase it.
If you know that down the road there was a business that dismembered baby boys and girls each week would you do something to stop it from continuing? And would you be a bad person if you didn't try to stop it?
oh yah itz yew but ya neva added mi
Most of you said your parents kept them. Don't you find that creepy in a way?
haha no then u will be lik o ew that guy ~_~  *runs away* lol
what do you do when you get upset?
being bored enough to get on formspring hahha jk. listening to nagging. i hate nagging.
I love youuu<3 i miiss you
Would you rather be a vampire or a werewolf?
nope. i love to claim it :)
because they have nothing smarter to say
Do you put anything on your spaghetti Bolognaise?
Would you take a actual hard drug if it could save your life and you were about to die?
Who is your favorite comedian?
Oh! Hey (:
Do you learn the easy way or the hard way?
Tabi  all those people who are talking shit on your formspring ANONYMOUSLY need to grow a pair. If they're gonna hate on you anonymously then they obviously have no life. Grow up  stop trying to start shit with her on the internet. I love you Tabi (:
ya so watz up nd y formspring changed
Would you rather be a zombie or a mummy?
What do you think is your most attractive feature?
Vampire weekend song  happy mood  and sad mood
i dislike that
Not currently
your cute ;) dump jaybee and come talk to me
Laswtnight.
Thomas Gibson. He's an actor.
If K.F.C Stands for Kentucky Fried Chicken  Why do they play sweet home Alabama on the comercials?
not really being that i am one as well.
what is your favorite thing to do with friends?
Hahaha Yup! Bhut not lookin 4 a man rite atm chuz dey 2much drama!
bananas :]
idk lol
You are on a flight from Honolulu to Chicago non-stop. There is a fire in the back of the plane. You get enough time to make ONE phone call. Who would you call?
Ya i fixed the name but i just made this cuz i don't like being anonymous ahaha sept when i make up lame pickup lines
with family
yes and i dont remember.
How did you meet Adriane Torres
best day ever?
Nothing like that should be stressful. It should be fun. When it becomes stressful  that's when you know you've lost sight of the true meaning of christmas!! think about it people.
like his movies. dont like him.
What's the last furry thing you touched?
yes
what's your favourite colour?
Have you ever heard that song by carrie underwood...cheated? that with a little of my own spice. :] ahahaha
I knowwww :)
like a buck or whatev
online <3
Why or why not should I delete my FS?
harry potter cause ive never seen the lord of the rings.
no
hey everyone im gonna start spamming again starting tomorrow...if you dont want to be spammed then inbox me ASAP
NOpE
Would you rather have a lovely day in with your family or go out partying with your friends?
Pshhh liar ^^
What can you not be trusted with?
i like one of my friends
I believe so :)
Name the most terrifying moment of your life so far.
Sun.
Ion kno lol
Lady gaga looks like Christina Aguilera? True Or False?
What is the bravest thing you have done?
What do you think JUstin?
If you were given $100  would you spend it  or save it?
Did u know the sky is blue :O unless u get all scientific and say its back ~_~
chest hair mean hair on chest   (-_-)?
Joiieeeee:) I LaLaLovee Youu  <3
Hola! :]
Not a guy! haha maybe a cheerleader haha jkjk!
What do you usually drink during dinner?
Alexisssss! Fukk thozz haters ma! they dumb they aint gona do shtt to you!!!!! they meet hell they decide 2 touchhh yyyyou. i love you<3333 -Remz
most hated movies?
listen. duh? hahaha
Let's get married?
you! :]
Nahh i dont think so. i like my privacy too much ;)
HUH?
Texas!!Yuh hun?! xox
are you serious??? does she have a myspace im very confused  ill unlock my old picture album on my myspace  pics from 2 years ago  go look  and they are in photo bucket? send me a link please.
HAHAHAHA TEACHIN HIM how to ur his stickshift Mwhahahahahaha! i llalala love you best frann!
Smiling at them. It seems to work pretty well. :]
being fake has nothing to do with your looks
Would you rather get up early or sleep late?
My life can only be perfect if ___________.
Never been to either. SO idk yet :]
Enlighten me....
 w @n+ yUh t  m  m3 $w3 @+
kroger babay. its soooo better than walmart.
how do you no that??
Vanilla
<3 hahahahhahah thakssssssssssssss
Have you ever hated that you loved someone? >.<
Peter Pan or Captain Hook u2013 who is cooler?
what do you cook best?
xdfcvghjkl
M!
how are you such a hottie?
mmmmmmm
Where do you wish to live?
Nope i don't swear
pictures pictures and more pictures
Yes already. haha
did timmy have fun?
my parents
If heat rises  shouldn't hell be cold?
watss ur email.?
who is this dumpster baby
what song? wtf haha
What is the first thing you notice in the opposite sex?
Life(: haha!! umm idk thats hard!
Do you like shopping for new clothes?
No. It's not Pryce
Have you ever cried infront of alot of people?
Is   single!?
You accidentally eat some radioactive vegetables. They were good  and what's even cooler is that they endow you with the super-power of your choice! What's it gonna be?
Hahahaha Crazy.
yes.
maybe
shira or frances?
are you fat?
Have you ever watched someone get arrested?
say say say _________? finish the verse
Bra or Braless?
hahhahah yeah you!
What's the number one thing you want to achieve in your life?
Ive thought about it. I really feel like I influence a lot of people in my life. SO I kind of know. But I would sure hope that it wouldn't be like I never existed? :/
nope
Would you rather own a luxury yacht or a private jet?
Why do you like Justin? You guys talk alot. And like really?
do you cuss?
Of course! :]
haha ummm your welcome..?
How many phone numbers do you have memorized that you don't need to look up?:
where in the World do you live ?? I am in Wyoming in the States
what is something that your mom doesnt know about you?
Not to my recollection. but funny you ask  because my brother just did that and busted our neighbors chair at my sisters grad party this past sunday. it was hilarious!!
yea
Heck no.
yeah
ya iGot yo request... Damn yew gotta lil ass behind yew
Sean Stouffer lol VVV lol jk naw it wasn't me
Have you ever been French kissed by a dog?:
1. Are you fake? 2. Who's Cheyenne  Taylor  Tarren  Samantha  Jessica. 3. Do you live in Montana? Cheyenne is the real one. 4. She also has videos of her in school etc. Why is your pics in photobucket
I don't unless Im really mad then I cry.
no i am tabitha jai locascio  im pretty sure this cheyenne is a fake  so please send me a link so i can check it out  i have amyspace and a facebook.
i dont no lol =]
SARCASTIC. :]
the office 100%
Tabi you are so pretty :) just wanted to say that haha
Is your middle finger longer than your ring finger?
Do you own a striped sweater?
Hmmm...i don't know. I want to. :D
What would you like to hear more about?
do you think the jonas brothers are a bunch of faggots? if so your now my best freind :)
Best thing that happened to you this summer? :]
What's something random that you're currently loving?
a c t u a l l y;;i DO want himm<33 [: so you can hush that! [:
doodle in a box ahaha what a great song.....
currently the hangover  superbad  forgetting sarah marshall  how to train your dragon  and a few more that i cant remember lol
If you could go on vacation for the next month with an unlimited budget  where would you go?
how many people do you know with your first name?
Who's better?  Superman or Spiderman?
WHUUT HAPPENEDD??
do you go to church regularly?
Favorite video game?
Have you broken any bones?  If so  how?
Have you ever dreamed something then it came true?
iLove your nose ring!
APRIL
If a king is gay and marries another guy what is that guy to the royal family?
tell me something about.. SNOW :]
I wanna play spin the bottle lol Have you played it? When was the last time? Mine was when i was 20 :)
Are you the type who is in a new relationship every week?r
where you from??
eagle
do they die after a week :(
Do yuh have any stalkers?
Would you rather have the ability to fly  or the ability to breathe underwater?
If you could ask God any one question  what would it be?
do u have a cool anagram for your name
What do you think of the papparazzi?
lolss damn
the perks of being human i persume.
tabi! you're hittin' on my bestttt friend! WTF. whooo cares  i love you. :)
Even if Tabitha was fake  she wouldn't hurt anyone! She can't even yell at me or control me. She's too sweetnice! And people love her for personality. However she has both<3 I love you tabilicious<3
Uhh..i answered this i think  My Dad :) haha
What are you getting for Xmas :D
my sis is naked
Favorite nickname somebody gave you?
Do you know I took my backround picture?(:
h2o. snapple raspberry white tea. oj-homestyle with all the juicey bits
yes......cut my self with a knife (accidentally)...cut myself on the rabbits cage and fell off a chair haha and then i have a random one on my arm and i have either a scar or a dint in my forehead :/
usually during the week everyday. but on the weekends Im with timmy so not too often ;)
vacations.
yes.
not standing up for herself.
Hahaha. Strange!:S
What was name of your first pet and why did you give it that name.
are you dateing a ''jaybee alxeander?''
Where Were You Born? Did You Also Grow Up There?
your parents tell you that you need to change your name into any animal name that you want.. what would be your name?
i know
thanks lady. :]
do u wana be justins gf?
I gotcha :D
umm idk haha theres a lot of them that i say alot lol.
Do you have a T.V. in your bedroom?
My grandmother. It's pathetic really.
iguess
a kids cereal. :]
nahhh.
What is your height in ft/in  centimeters or whatever standard of measure you like :]
Do words really hurt you?
Only if i've had a bad day.
Lmao!! kk lemme get my ass off this toliet seat then ill check!! Mwahah!! jk
i miss you !(: lolz
which do you think is stronger: love or happiness?
Get dressed! haha and then grab one of the three or four things i said and beat the living crap out of them haha
what do you like in 'YOU'?
Does being yelled at bother you? Do you yell back?
I do not judge gyrls im not bi or a lezzboo!! K thanks'
Have you ever thought about how life actually started?
Would you rather work at a large company or a small one?
*POOF* Your in prison... Why are you there?
yes.
Well that wasn't fair because I was eating while reading this question  so when I closed my eyes... I just thought about how awesome this sandwiche is tasting hahahaha yum. :)
What time do you have to wake up tomorrow?
:O lol no freaking way! btw  i didnt ask that :D
huh?
Have you ever found a really great place that you kept kind of secret so only you can enjoy it?
Would you rather die a hero and fighting for someone you love but having to be in pain  or die peacefully and painless?
When did you last attend a party?
hey angel  you duh sexy
Single or taken?
You have pretty eyes
haha read my previous message :)
I snore sometimes so im told  and nahh i lay pretty still when it comes to sleep. I sleep like a log. ha
only two.
probably
If you could  would you kiss the last person you texted? Is this person just a friend or something more? Do you like it that way?
GUYS- What do you hate most about girls?  GIRLS- What do you hate most about guys?
Do you own any band tu2013shirts?
Depends on if I were in the country and who I was with.. But i'd say figure if it had anyone it belonged to and if not spend it! ;)
If your house was on fire and you could only grab three things  what would they be?
What's your earliest memory?
What does sex smell like? My bro said like pussy lol
aaron carter  bayside  secondhand serenade  hoping for haley  and carrie underwood
Have you ever cried from being so mad?
in the shower
I can sleep in anything when im really tired lol
Hmm..a new person that likes to talk and is intersting. least like....a creepy stalker dude.
I appreciate the help ;)))
Hmmm depends. sometimes I get bombarded with questions but here lately since ive gotten on everyday its like 15-20. haha enough i suppose :)
What is the first thing you think of when you see a cow?
met personally um Andy Clemmensen unless u count Santa hes pretty famous or the guy that helped train the animals from babe the pig or something like that ur pick. lol
my mommy(:
ight well its kinda hard...idk well mi lil boo  mi boo  and mi ex.
Do you get nervous before doctor appointments?
When was the last time you slept on the floor?
Not fist fight. But a serious fight  yes. haven't we all? ha
Why you confused?
know whats going on because then it was MY CHOICE to be hurt.
Has you ever drawn on a drunk person?
you would know if youd answer ur phone!!!
Idk really. I never get hate on here?! :/
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
Like another language..i know some :)
Hhahahahaah ohh noo problem mamas! ahah me2 im soo exhaustedd *yawn* *ywan* LMAO!
Where are ya From??=)
yes. like most websites i think people are addicted to having something to do :)
My pu$$zzy !z +hrobb!nq fo yo d!ck t  q0 !n d @+ $h!+
Call of duty Modern Warfare 2(:
lol wen iFirst made diz ish yew was lyke hi so im juz asking who diz?
Is quizzes are quizzical what are tests?
yes walks to raise money for cancer patients and I volunteer for adopt a highway! Gotta care about our mother earth :)
shutter island
I dont think so :/
oh dhatss watss up
YEsH hahahahaha wouldn't you??
oh sorry it was jack  im not use to hime actually talking to me like im a human.
u probally wouldnt fuck the others cause everyone loves shaun...... meh i dont.. but i think hes pretty cool tho :P
sonic
Don't make plans.
What was the craziest dream you ever had about?
Ohhh okay. I'll have to check it out then.
tasha. instead of Tosha :)
Dirt.
Camping!! :]
yep
vomit.
I know but i knew you would'nt be able to resist the urge to finish it :))
Didnt i give you my myspace
not really
Camping with a ton of friends or hotel with a few friends?
a week ago
hahah your welcome.
hahaha thanksssss kinnn
I am off here for a bit. Gotta hang out w. Xentury. <3 Leave me things. Thank you.
i would rape you..............this is kaylanot pheobe
Any thoughts of Justin?
what is your favorite thing to do on the weekends
ummmm the begging of this year coz i had kayla in my class lol =] but there was nice ppl in my new now old class ha.
people.
how often do you go to spa?
polly prince on a Along Came Polly.
Nahhh not worth the blahhh bullcrap.
they matter but they aren't the decision.
about 900 lol i havent been on for a hot second
either a family member or one of my guy friends that would come and protect me :D
Nahh unless i wanted to talk to someone taken from me unexpectedly.
uhm (:
If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
To live....Pluto still. It'd be like living in alaska haha
on what? thanks (:
nahhhh. you cant help your lungs are only as strong as god made them
Your so pretttyyy. :)
ew i hate twilight
favorite band
a magazine
haahar do u love taelin?
30 mins tops
I was juuust saying hi :)
pretty gurrrl(:
do iKno iKan go check out mi musik n listen to it bxtch lmao... myspace.com/pokemonboyz7
Yes. Hmmm the little asian dude that has all the gadgets and thinks he can fix everything with his smarts and thoughts :) haha
Do they bury people with their braces on?
No and btw if this is the person i think it is please stop tlking to me lol =]
yes lots.
What's your favourite comedy on the tv?
Do you think Christmas is stressful?
haha good me eitherrrrrr.
Hello?
spanish
Do you like Dina?
To never sin bhut will NEVER happen! See im already sinning  Never say never!
Who were the last people you ate with?
MeGod eatin Chicken wings on His throne <3 ahaha
American korean. So like half korean  half whitee :] But im so the whitest korean  girl you'll ever talk to.
What would be the first three words you would teach a parrot  if you had one?
Since you asked me so many questions I figured I'd ask you one...Favorite song  favorite movie  favorite place to visit
yay ur divorce!
good im glad he does  id be sad if my husband didnt like me  we would have to get a divorce.r i'd be sad if any of my friends didnt like me.
What does PU stand for (as in PU  that stinks!)?
hahah okey dokey!..sweet thang(;
Tell me about yourself :)
Do you regularly watch the news?
Yooooo mate   RinnaLovesJB here. heyhey  ask me anything  (:
Do you ever think of crazy things in you're head that probably wont happen?
Do you have any favorite YouTube star?
yes
what's yer bra sizee haha?
pssh i dont know what that person is talking about  you seem awesome to me!
How did the first women ever to shave their legs know that the skin wouldnt just peel right off?
yes :]
does your bedroom door have a lock on it?
wtf bxtch clea it iNeva ben ta hiz house
no matter how hard i try  i cant seem to get my mind off of you :/ please text meh.
Snow White or Ariel?
teehee du yuu luh mee?!?!<3
Thats all i can think of right now >.< Gimme ideas  I will ask more stuff :] <33333
Do you wear a watch?
what's your real name?
A nice monster. I would wanna be the closet monster that hides in the closet but really im just nice and want a little kid friend to play with :]
I have my nipples pierced. ha
:D i love you to<3
For those who give a crap: I am nnot dead. I am alive. And recently found out I was pregnant. I will not be getting on here anymore. But please add me on Myspace. Links on my page.
MUSE. I want to see them live real bad.
yes
MMMMHHHMMM i love chinese and mexican. haha
kkkkk thanks for all your spam in a can.
Idk. I wouldn't be able to talk to you!! :( hahha its taken me too long to catch up on here. I feel like its been forever. :0
have you ever gotten into a fight?
favorite? umm hip hop and rb basically 102.7 kiis fm and 97.1 amp radio are the only stations i listen to :D
Do you volunteer for anything?
Yes. Its dumb. hahah
How do you eat your cookie? (eat around edges  break in half  just eat it lol)
rollerblading  painting  doodling  formspringing  eating  planting flowers  smiling  taking pictures  reading  drawing  writing always. :]
haha okay.r we are friends.
Have you locked yourself out of you house?
my little brother had cancer when he was 2. thats what i can honestly say made me want to become a nurse. helping people. I feel its something I can do :] r And I like to talk and keep spirits up sooo it fits me i think..
Who is your loudest friend?
Have you ever walked away from someone who meant alot to you?
lilgego1youngg @yahoo.com
i still do!
How do you think STD's came to be?
Are you willing to travel for your dream job?
What's your dream car?
OKAY. i was kidding down there lol. but 2 the other ppl that are being serious..SCREW-YOUR-SELFS. shes sooo pretty and you dont need 2 be sittinghere being mean to my friend!! your just jealous ur not as pretty as her (: <3 you tabi!!
lmao ya da one yew made
mountains or beach?
Are you one of those people that doesnu2019t like chocolate?
If you could learn any magic trick which would you like to learn?
(this one is bothering me a bit.) Why does it seem like most everyone wants to knwo if the world will end in 2012? Are we going to fear it till it's over like Y2K?
close your eyes and count until 10 NOW.       what went through your mind? be honest
What's your favorite flavor of jello?
Would you consider yourself to be spoiled?
rude people
what will you do f you found out that you are adopted?
Doesnt expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?
awhhh thank you jordy.. :)
not for a while. i havent' been on in a while.
When does school start for you? Mine starts Aug. 19th /
idk
fortpolk. a military base
i dont no haha
<3
10 things you want to do before you die
A writer. I wanted to be a writer creative novelist so bad.
How Many Siblings Do You Have?
Denny's :DDD
seriously me to  it drives me crazy :(
Do you prefer to ask question or answer them? why do you think this is?
haha [:
serious? they are a good band :D
are you studying or working?
Have you ever hit one of your parents?
luk like dhat boii tyga tyga
HAHA NOPE IM NOT TAQUISHA EITHER....i TALK TO YOU ALOT ON TWITTER;) <3
People say I don't know alot. Is that a real answer? (Personally I think not.)
in your opinion  what is the best thing about being a nurse?
What do you think Victoriau2019s secret is? ;p
couple times. car accident that sent me across three lanes of traffic in heavy rain  spinning. not one car hit me. it was crazy
hahahahahah is this dakota? ill read you one soooon
what time is it?
What was the worst job you've ever had?
If you had the choice to see the future  would you?
Should I ask more serious questions?
I LOVE Sudoku's :] Read  Paint  I think I would be just fine recovering :)
Do you like Care Bears?
Do prison buses have emergency exits?
Musicals:  Cheesy or entertaining?
never mindVVV
Do you have any jewelery on?
I know how to change a tire  change my oil  what most parts of the car and motor is. I can put all liquids in my motor :] and I soo have my own jumpers haha
What would you do if your partner cheated on you?
hi!!
I nearly ran over a prostitute once with my car.(True story.) What's the craziest thing you've nearly hit?
What's your number then?
One fluently. Spanish pequinta
yes love one
umm dont start school yet lol
What trait do you love the most and least about yourself?
Do you have your own bank account?:
lmfao umhuhh flaw buddiee
if you could live anywhere in the world where would you live
If you were a monster  what monster would you be?
okayy
What kind of glasses do you have?
September 22nd<3
What reality show do you wish you could be part of?
who do u like???r r r cough justin??? cough
Would you have sex with a fat guy?!?!
I am off for right now. I feel sick. And personally I hate being sick. So leave me things to make me smilequestions. Thanks babes!<3
Cheetos or Fritos?
What do you think is your most attractive feature?
Ah me. by griffen house :] idk why. It just makes me happy
Omg all these Texans are so sensitive!
If my questions bother you please let me know. Cause I am sick of IDK Answers. Seriously I am. Like badly.
?mm
Do any of your close friends have children?
foooooooooooooood! :D
I Hate When Formspring Messes Up  Don't You  -_-
Do you sleep with noise or in complete silence?
its life I suppose.
Do you think we will always find a reason to go to war?
why thankyou =]
MMMag i love it!
What was the most interesting place you've traveled to?
Hayyy :]
Are you frightened of spiders?
YOU FRENDZZ Wiff MEH BestiE KRISSy>?! IT BE TOOTsiE!(=<454333 oh YEAHP I LUH HERM (:
Dont you hate when they fucken yell at you for not texting back? lol i do!!!
When was the first time that you had beer?
Yes. And im sure there are tons that soo could.
Do you ever think you smile too little?
mhm diz shirt iHad 5 yearz ago
I guess. so
control issues i guesss
That wasn't me
Fav Fantisey ?? Doesn't have to be Sexual   do you want to rich or famous or just live on a deserted Island ?? Anything
no thank you haha
in making decisions  you always end up following what your ______ says.. heart or brain?
What time is your alarm clock set for?
LOWKEYY;; hehe Don't even trip<$
Name a bird with a long neck.
Do you take your daily vitamins?
Janet jackson. You ain't right. :]
okay ill check it out
Do you feel that children should be sheltered from unhappiness?
Have you ever peed in the woods?
big booty whore.!!<3 omg i miss you soooo much): dontt go to north.!!):
What did you do for your last birthday?
i would have liked to have seen the solar eclipse that only happens every like 7 years..or whatever. it just happened this year. but i wish i would of gotten to see it in person.
lol ohkay hi
Would yu ever even think abou goin out wit hannah fish or donna james?
ice cream :)
Have you ever played baseball?
If you did come back as a ghost where would you haunt?
How many languages can you fluently speak?
oh EASYYY!!!!r ventrilaquist dummies  you no with the to lines by the mouth and stuff and a ventrilaquist makes the talk  i am deathly afriad.
Yes. because they're awesome and I love suprises.
a bunch im sure. white lies are the hardest to remember
:D thankyou  your soo nice :)!!
lmfao im telling yew
Do you think people are addicted to FS?
have you seen the trailer for Lindsay Lohan's new movie machete? if so what do you think?
Yes. With my sister. haha we went night swimming in our pool in our backyard. Just so we could answer this question. ;]
Thanksss :) who is this? :D
Lady Gaga has recieved 13 nominations at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards  she has beaten Michael jacksons record of 11 nominations  do you think she really deserves all those nominations?
hahahaha ummm  sorry?
I yell back sometimes but i dont like to be yelled at
sext me<3 ;)
R YUU STiLL WiT YO BF? (:
what is something from your past that you wish you still did? that you are glad you stopped doing?
I don't know really. You ask a lot of prostitue questions though  I'll tell you that. haha i guess because they've prolly never grown up being told thats not how life should or has to be..
I am off for right now. Leave me things? <3 PleaseThank you!!!
look like? pretty.
okaaaaayyy
to not be insecure of me. what reason have i gave for you to feel this way? haha thats what i would say but idk if they would take it right or not.
What's your favorite kind of sandwich?
what's your favorite song? :D<br>
JET!!(: Hate boats! Worst experience ever was on a boat! Never again!
yes. my sister. all the time
Type of music you like most?
hahha i know!!
Can you tie your shoes more than one way?
yes. all the time.
what do you think of guys who wear headbands/ponytails?
Do u wanna get raped? ;) hehe
i have more than 1 profile songg ;p
i need to pee but im too lazy to get up. r i want some more mac and cheese.r i really need to get off fs!! haha
Eagle.
lmfao!!!
bahahahahhaha ;p
If you saw a serious crime take place and if you told you could possibly be killed  would you tell?
be true to others to hope others will be true to you
not too bad usually
who is this kayla she sounds like she like short stack
How often do you check your voice mail?
Can you daydream at night?
high heels or rubber shoes?
when my little brother was diagnosed with cancer and we all thought we were going to lose him :( it was a dark moment.
Don't you just hate it when you can't find a decent working pen especially when you need to write something important? ^_^
If you could bring one character to life from your favorite book  who would it be?
-woaahhhhhh! Likee dude i'm in youhr backround!!! :D AWESOMEEEE! <3 ilybbyy(:
What would you do if you found out the car you were in was stolen?
About a month ago. For my yearly check up.
Have you ever entered a contest and won?
On a scale of 1-10 (10 being the highest obviously) how outgoing are you?
Great question! Tithe Help people Shop!
Now that youve slept with two different people in a row  you seem to be having an excellent day because you just came across a hundred-dollar bill on the sidewalk. Holy shit  a hundred bucks! How are you gonna spend it?
i love being silly
great went ta jamaca...Yew???
chicken <3333
cmon babe just tell me ur favorite position i want to get ot know you and i want to know what ur favorite position is
Yea
why did you choose nursing?
Are you a private person or do you openly share your life with people around you?
what is your opinion on those people who doesn't mind what others feel?
toothpaste that you are using?
Famous(: Bhut im ME 4 rite now!
What have you come to like though you use to hate it?
iloveyoubaby iloveyoutoobabygirl  that  haha [x
facebook and you tube :D
It was a while ago but i said f on the phone when i was really upset and talking to my dad. i never cuss in front of my parents. so it was an ooopsie i guess haha
Nope. Not a cat person.
idk lol
noo
:)
ha i would lovee to but i heard that im harassing youu so its a big no can do. ;P but maybe if we did get to know eachother we could spend some quality time togetherr [; hahaha
What was your favorite year?
o i wonder........
maybe :P
huh?
not at the time
What is a act of kindness you have recently done?
:D yay.
greed.
Do you eat any weird mixture of foods?
Up-Justin Bieber
cooool riddleee! :Dr did you gooogleeee it to find it or.....? :)
huh?
You can select one person from history and ask them a question to which they must give a thruthful reply. Whom would you select  and what question would you ask?
thanksssssss :)
Do you wear flipu2013flops even when it's cold outside?
Hello  My name is Javeed. You seem really cool and I wanted to know if you wanted to have a coffee with me sometime so just reply at 1-800- Javeed :D  LOLOL Just kidding :D This is MsUnderstoodxxx again! And I love Jello strawberry to :DDD It roxx!!!
Yeah I agree. It's wrong.
i like them. its sick though to think someone thought of all that stuff lol
carrie underwood concert. it was awesome :]
Kissy kissy facee!(:
What was the worst advice you've ever received?
:]
what are you waiting for atm?
If laughter is the best medicine  whos the idiot who said they died laughing?
What's your favorite drink?
your opinion really helped ;> thanks ;>
are you and lindsey talking?
only in burgers.
What is the wallpaper on your cellphone?
I ment boyfriend u know  like the kissing the hugging estera.....unless u do that with your best friend lol :D
(:
Stop! Leave Tabitha ALONE  she's NOT those type of girls that you can just fuck with. She just wants someone to LOVE her  and I for one aboustly love her
Timothy
what is your favorite season?
Being an atheist means we dont need to believe. We choose to believe either because their is no proof or because god has done nothing for us. We may not believe in god but we do believe there is good reason to not believe he exists.
What's one thing you'd like to do but haven't done yet?
deffinatly my old one :) the poeple at my new one is kinda stuck up  and the school is to small for me
whats the farthest youve been away from your hometown?
hmm if i know you well enough its like 8 but if not then like a 4-5 ish haha
The Miracle Worker
idk lol
What was your favorite book as a child?
it was gov made  i know it
Do you have any scars on your body?  If so  how'd you get them?
it calms my mind in the world khaos of insanity.
If you were a tree  what tree would you be?
What turns you on creatively  spiritually or emotionally?
Your traveling once again at night  you notice someone has been following you  what do you do?
6'0 <- lolz hmm im 5'1
Last time you had butterflies in your stomach?
How come ur pics r all over photobucket. And this girl name Cheyenne Lerner has a BUNCH of pictures of u! Like more than u have!
uhmm idkk hahaha ALOTTTTT
Cause they'll get more stale and soft. Duhhhhh?
lmao i no hahahahahhahahahahahaha thats what im sayin
Are you happy with your life right now?
lmao hahahahahahahahaha.your my favorite ever  unless your eric.
why do u have a new girlfriend like every single month??
Do you shrug it off or cry for hours?
lol im ready for it
yes.
ii lovee yuuu moree:P
lmfao iJuz notice dat lol
yes
i really am sorry you have to have this ishh on your page tho nico  but im not just gonna sit here while people talk shit thats just not how i was raised. so im sorryy i dont mean to be freeaking out all on here i kinda cnt help it.
yes YAY! you guessed it right ;) and i cant call you! :L
bob
Dat one name HottBoi MiKeY !!!
How often do you flick people off?
IloveyoumoreBABYGIRL<3 (;
Justtt hit dha G spot so I can orgasm wit dhat bigg dikk Of yours.  Im ova alix. Yuhh betta! ;)
Do you cry often or keep it inside?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha nopeee not at the moment. hahaha he was saying stuff like that earlyerr.
Along came polly.
You are walking down the street on your way to work. There is a dog drowning in the canal on the side of the street. Your boss has told you if you are late one more time you get fired. What do you do?
he should have a right to speak his opinion
do you sometimes ask God why things happen to you?
yes
Uhm. Fun  Funny  Athletic  Outgoing  Creative  And awesome! (: Duhh lol
Someday I'm gonna marry a Giant  with a tiny wiener!
possibly whats it to you? RAPE IN A BASKET....yer thats wat i thought..... no i dont no about him.
Have you been caught swearing by a teacher?
:p
Wait. Are you Cheyenne? I sent a request to you? Wait  why is your name Tabitha?? R u fake????
What cartoon character would you want to be?
What was your last wish for?
Do you over think or under think?
u32e1What impossible things did you believe today before breakfast?
Hi my name is Nico. Its a pleasure to meet you :)
What's your earliest memory?
how many glasses of water do you drink a day?
Dang. Peter Pan of course!
mclaine  idk.down the street
Why is there a disclaimer on the Allstate Auto Insurance commericals that says Not available in all states?
okayyyy
A picture of me and timothy when we went on a Riverboat cruise and dinner. It was soo romantic :)  I love that picture!
What's usually colder  your hands or your feet?
zerooooo
What do you question the most?
do you think your photogenic?
Are there any bruises on your body?
Why?!?! D:
Hmm we just had one but i cant remember what it was..haha oh well
Love-Sweet November. r Comedy-Mr. Deeds :]
What do you grab to drink when you're hot  sweaty  and thirsty?
Do you like predictive text?
I saw yuh rote on alix formspring. Well bae yuh hawt. Will yuh wam fo me
do you want a girlfriend?
hhaahhaahahaha dont u just love people who do that lol
Top 5 hottest men?
l00k under yur bed...!
cyrus?
How old will you be turning on your next birthday?
is there such thing as love at first sight
Eyes? I guess...
What is the second most unique thing?
yes
Do you know where your Dad was born?
the most would have to be probs.... super mario? on nintendo something or whatever haha #oldschoolftw.
If you were abducted by aliens  would you tell anybody? Why or why not?
sounds puuurty legit. :)
What do you like to do on hot days?
What colour is your bedroom?
Yes. :)
possibly
yes. tims dad
What is the craziest thing you want to do?
hahahahahahahahahahahhahahahaha  i recently read the weight of silence  and its really a good book.r *lover buddies for life **
Home alone  yes.
Can you cry under water?
Ask your daddy (;
nope. I love doggies
h0w ya feel about mii????
everything on my bucket list.r skydiver make babiesr grow oldr have a gardenr help someone drasticallyr ..
i <3 blink.
And why would you fight for her   jst asken
Umm.   good question i have many bhut i guess 16 and pregnant would be 1 of my fav ones atm. ;D
Thats for Taelin to know
lol wats happing its ya lil boi mikey babi lmao
yeah good thing
Sikeeeee! that nigga's a lil headbanger :)
How old are you?
covers by my favorite guy ever.
Omgee i get super shy when i get a brazilian wax... Do you girls get shy too if you get one or your like w.e? Guys: Do you like your girls waxed down there or it dont matter?
U hopped on one of dese twu
I thought about how my mother fed me with a tiny spoon and fork  so I wonder what Chinese mothers use? Toothpicks?
You have a boyfriend?
What is your general philosophy of life?
What video game have you played the most?
Michael Jacko and Subway! Doh!
Ok d3n.  Don+ m!be d0!nq   d  vv0rk d3n

What colour is your bedroom painted?
do you put on make up everyday?
what is your ideal vacation?
Yup sure is :)
Not really that i can think of.
mmmmmmmmm idkkkkkk i cant choose. possible something from mayday parade or plug in stereo
Favorite candy  :D<br>
THANKYOU! HAHA
Yeah it definantly has a smell. Distinctly sex smell..haha
would you ever hire a hitman?
Speechless... that's all I got to say couldnt think of anything to say oh ya and you still need to read me your published poem that way when your famous I can say ya I knew she was a good writer before she became famous ;)
When Im sad I get quiet. More emotion is shown when Im angry than anything. Im pretty good with keeping my emotions concealed.
Its overated.
purple
:) i lovwe you to  :) we will meet haha me jo and you could go to grannys??????????????
quality for sure
its prolly not who you think it is.. i just wanted you to know what i thought :)
I love you tooo! :)
I forgot what we were talking about :p I love you twinsie<3
bath and body for sure :)
=]
Love you baby ;)
Yes. Timothy. :] and my dad. I talked to him and my ma! haha wow didn't realize how many people ive said I love you to.
I know  they're amazing!! The singer Jeremy McKinnon is soooooo funny :) He loved giving me high fives. My shirt is so cool too. It's with a fat guy on it. lol. Do you know the band August Burns Red?
oh well 2 baddddd
What is your religion?
How much are you going to release that information for? I would gladly pay to know that.
(If it were to save a life) Would you ever give mouth to mouth to a person with Herpes?
Have you ever taken dance lessons?
Whatu2019s the best feeling in the world?
the changing my color. I love that :]
What were you doing when you found out Michael Jackson was dead?
OHIO in the states. hahahaha
Hmmm..I know a lot. Umm I guess psychology. The brain. It interests me just because people are interesting and dumb and so confusing.. I'd like to know more about that. :)
nope
Have you ever been to Jamaica?
i have no idea. nothing else to do in life..
yes  i just cant spell it. lol r orangatang? hahahahha
what is the most embarrassing thing you have every done?
yea
Skittle :]
sing to the radio
whats the craziest thing you have EVER done?
ummm wtf? i still might go to weatherford and who was i ever mean to other than when i was standing up for myself?
Of course. We the people are the government :]r all people should vote.
so i make you mad? well maybe you could find my histery book for me and cool off with some reading(:
Watz gud
coool photo;
 <-- follow thee link !! lol
Okayyyyyy.
What do you think when you hear the name Cris?
thats not a lot of age difference....come on you know you wanna fuck him :P...JOKES
ATM Rue 21;D Or Forever21 <3
do you like animals?
bust their face.
I swear! I could never lie to my fiancee! ;)
comes in a can?!?
What is the most expensive thing you have on right now?
what was the last gift you gave?
haha i don't judge!
damnit  then im out  my bad for asking :)
Loser !! <3
how many people are you following right now
do you think girls look better with makeup on or none?
Whhenz yur birthdeyy.?
when was the last time you were disgusted by somebody elses behaviour and what did they do?
yes.
nahh
Is Tosha your real name?
For shiz.
Mermaid.
haha definitely wont be sending this amywhere :] i dont need chain mail to tell me how good i look :] i already know! ;]
Do you have any health problems?
lmfao i no right. gosh its making me mad. yes  yes i do. haha i also like lemon drops XD
do you have your twitter account?
B muhh qirl babe   cuhh I kan qive you thaa world <3
hahaha yeah i no right.
no iDidnt
prolly not. but only because idk you and i have a bf so he's the only one i like to touch or smell my feet! sorry yo lol
Sure! Like tell me wht u wnna know?! Like wht do you use?!
idk and probably ours or a monkey or both hahah
Heyy Marribbbiii!! lmao! iloveyuhhh muchooo moeee!!!;) are yuh goin tmrw?!
Do you believe there's intelligent life on other planets?
Well  that's all for tonight.  I'll ask more questions tomorrow night.  Remember to drop me a message in my inbox if you don't want any further questions from me.  Good night!  =D
Vaginaaaaaaaaa???
alexis....i've had the biggest crush on you for awhile!  i don't go on here a lot.  but please message me on www.findersingle.com under the username wishfulthinker.  please don't get all weird.  =)
What are you tired of hearing about?
Live it  loving and being kind. Kindness is key to everything that brings happiness in life.
Do you have a secret that no one knows but you?
no.
dude make her lyk u again..shes hawt as fuck! do sumthin charmin..thts wat i do 2 muh girl
hmmm ...should i answer this question? ha. Hacker!! jk.
a peanut butter and jelly sandwhich
torture isn't realllly my thing. but anything jonas brothers would do im sure haha
Like a gallon :] haha Thats all I drink all day.
who wass yhur valentinee ??
like 480 er something like that. but who really talks to that many people. haha i think i only talk to like 9 of them all the time hahahaha
what
your MIGHTY attractive  <33 ;D
Do you have dreams about becoming famous?:
yes! :)
How often do you wish you were a kid again?
Florida :] always.r But i wanna see the grand canyon.
things that you cant leave/live without?
Idealist or realist?
What is your favorite thing to eat with peanut butter?
Would you be a pirate?
haha yea huh i do !!!(: i told you just now  lolz ima go to your houseee <3
If you could go to a planet  which would it be?
nahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
thanks!!!! who the eff is this cheyene chick they are talking about??
Last time you saw your best friend?
dnt worry iWill
Oh snap!! I would actually hug him first off ahah and say Nigga where my weed go? Hahaha jkjkjk i love him!! He is doin a great job!
Ehh everyone should know i love them both :p lol can't choose (:
i love you to
creative things.
To make life a little less inconvient for the every day hot dog eater.
The last song you listened to?
huh
the universal dance man
Well dats so tight ur friends wit    How does it feel 2 kno him. Since ur his friend u wud kno does he hav a gf?
When's the last time you've been sledding?
What was the worst place you've traveled to?
i see you got a volleyball net.
Do you get annoyed when other people display bad manners?
while ago..
yepppppppp
Are your days full and fastu2013paced?
Would you ever allow your spouse to go to a strip club?
hahahahaaha the way you were them makes you appear that way.
Do you get along better with the same or opposite sex?
When people try to make you jealous does it make you mad?
Hahaha Bitch i bring it lmao! Kinda i think lmao! I hve some black in me so yes haha
what is the definition of a hate relationship? does it mean the hate is both ways cause im pretty sure i would smite you with righteous fury bra dont be hatin
yah dont really need anybodi rite now
nope but the second to last gilmore girl just died. did ya knwo that
no i havent actually and im 21 lol
If you get cheated by the Better Business Bureau  who do you complain to?
Myspace duhhh!!!
the winter olympics in Vancouver. Supposed to be gorgeous :]
Are you involved romantically with anyone right now?:
If you could have personally witnessed one event in history  what would you want to have seen?
because theyre priorities in life are to live and be happy with those around them. not what they have and their neighbor may have more than them....theres a lot more to life than material. plus they dont know any different to them that is life.
strict. and fun :)
Are you a happy person?
Would you ever want to swim with sharks?
lmao. i take super long showers
 W @N+ YUh 2 T3  M  PU$$$Y UHP
I like your mustcha
hahahaha okay good i was like D: ahhh
Mary?! lol hahahaha
How many times have you had the hippups today? :D
If you could be any celebrity for a day  who would you be?
I'm not wearing
Why do you think people have unprotected sex?
what is ur star sign
Ive just been chillin.<br>
lucky pringle pop
i love you tabi    and i already know you never want to talk to me again but just know ill still always be here for you. thank you for everything<3
i have never riden on a plane. i know i need to!
who doesnt miss me lol (; VVV ewwwe my innocent mind
Nope. suree haven't.
Are you healthy enough? The Formspring Team tries to be. We like: www.icareformybody.info
didnt u used to date matt carona?
idk
Not really the second one so much. It had some good underlying morals and all but the movie itself drug on and on i thought.
yep
What is the silliest thing you have done?
over think on whats not needed and i seem to underthink on what needs the most thinking.
Fukk celtics! GOOO LAKERRSS!! :D
emarosa. they have their own genre haha
What's your favorite genre of music?
Are you easily persuaded in an argument?
Do you play any sports?
them disagreeing with me
If you eat chicken nuggets  what do you usually dip them in?
interesting.
It is possible actually. :]
looooooove them!
Is using a inhaler a sign of weakness?
I like to walk away from a situation yes. before it escalades and things are said and felt that aren't needed.
yes =D
oh wow ohkay
brown
lmfao datz a funi one but hello no
okay. my page is not for you to be anonymous on :]
Do you like Alice in Wonderland? :)
r IF today is tommorrow  and tommorrow is today  what day is today?!?r 0_0
not really
wait sooo is there like a lot to tell me?
you come home and find your parents talking with your school counselor and principal/headmaster ... whats your first thought?
Comfortness.
My face :/
lol
Because I want to ask you questions!!!! DONT DELETE your formspring!! :{
nope
hmmm..she knows a lot. she doesnt know....uhhh that ive smoked pot before. that i want to change the world more than what i just say out loud. how much i hate money.
Are you afraid of snakes?
Talking about pimples lol My friend once asked me can i pop your zit i was like wtf?? nasty!!! Has a friend ever asked you this before?
What movie did you think was very pointless?
lol thankz
uhh im not in school anymore..must be april hahhaa
Awee'  your gonna hand it too mee? Lol
nice friends .. oh wait :/ srrrry my b
What's your favourite part of you on the outside and your favourite part on the inside?
no  im tabitha jai locascio. myspace.com/tabiisaninja i have a face book to  ask for it. I HAVE NO CLUE WHO THIS CHEYENNE IS  so please send a link so i can see for myself  because i guess she might be using my pictures.
youd fight for lindsey? im a gurl. id love to see it
Would you like a massage?
hahhaha yeahhh
sometimes and only when needed ;]
hmmm i havent been shopping in forever but i like forever 21
ur coooooool
PINKNEON GREEN!Yeahh buddie
well im a really good listener im great at helping solve problems but im known to be a big talker
how long have you dated your boyfriend for and where did you meet?
No
Yes i knoww! Silly  i could really care less. :)
Do you know any mechanical stuff about cars?
Lol about Chris
Thank you :] who ever you are.
Wayyyy tooooo easilyyyyyyy!
yes
When was your last plane ride?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha i s
I love yoou too Remy<3 They arnt gonna do shit they won't even put their names  I don't care much for them they love me!(: No Bitchassness Allowed!!
Los Angeles! <33
ice cream!! haha
Yes if there were another way other than relying souly on mankind.
me.
how can you love your enemy?
Pink Roses!(:
kewl lol
The Hills! Chuz Lauren was thee whole point it was clld thee Hills and there is 2much drama! Bhut I still wtch it chuz i love 2 laugh at thee dumb shit! Spencer is a prick btw!;0
cuter
Formspring. itunes. and fb :]
I'm not stalking you Tab but who is this rude person? They are making me mad at how they are talking to you. I know we don't get along alot but I love you and I don't like these idiots being little b words to you. Ssaam
okay.
Drina.!(: i knoo huh they juss love me<3
Fear. Only because of the corruptness of it all.
bahaha i doubt it
yes i love ATL!! great place 2 live  wish i lived there! ;D
M3   m  d  vv @$ 3 @+!n d!nn3r    Qu!(kly luk3d  @+ y0ur f0rm$pr!nq p!(+ur3   d!d d  b3$+   d  b!qq3$+ 0rq @$m y3+   m  p  q0+ h0rny   d3n vv3 h  $3x. !+ vv @$ unpr0+3(+3d. D0 y0u +h!nk !'m pr3qn @n+ ??
okayy.
Most of the time. Sometimes I wish I could be more for others but At the time  My hands are tied with money and trying to get ahead.
four
are you currently taken?
a nursing degree already.r a lott of land to live off of.r some money i could just give away to those who work their entire life and can never get ahead.r  a dog. bullmastiff. purebreed. i love them.
have you ever been so drunk you dont remember what happened?
r u in love with someone anonymously?
wow
 w @N+ yUh +0 $M @(K m3  m  dH  SEx w!Ld n h0+
what do you usually wear? like to school?
my blunt attitude.
would you date a girl with a pierced tongue or lip?
:)
cry like a baby
if i told you would u let me
because if its who i think it is  i asked if she wants a boyfriend and you can find out the rest from her if it is her
Name a movie or movies you can watch over and over?
Itss Deannaa..! Imyyy
right now...rollerblading :)
Favorite board game?
followed :]
how do you heal a broken heart?
boyy dnt get hurt
umm idk. i try not to cry in front of people but that sometimes doesnt work
Do you believe honesty is the best policy?
i dont get t
Im gonna take pole dancing classes would that make me slutty?
my and timothys anniversary. we went to boi na braza  the brizillian steak house downtown cincinnati. its was super snazzy :)
What makes you think a person is creepy?
60 inches. :]
Does it bother you when people try to make you jealous?
lmao idk wea its at....haha
Do you know April?
can you please sing a cover of any justin bieber song? :D
headphones
Would you marry Donald Trump for the money?
Kinda...
hmm..im currently listening to knock knock on wood  hahahhaha
Who is the wind beneath your wings?
Do you think that questioning things is healthy?
Worst childhood memory?
Yur really pretty no homo ((:
If you saw a robbery  would you report it?
I jerk all day my nigg! :DDD
He's not really one of my favorites. But i likes MASK.
how do you stay so cute?
hahahahahah thankyou  i love you to :)
something special. my heart's desire.
hmmm i dont remember to be honest
Thanks. It was in Panama with 7 other chicks. Funn times.
Uqhhh Iquess Yew Goht Hoess All Ova Youh.! Lmao
YES!~!!!!
kum on den
how do you spend your Saturday nights?
this years love-david gray/r sweet november/r destin beach in florida/
WAT IS A DERO
Think fast!  Name one song that starts with the letter N!
Do you think it's okay for parents to push their beliefs on their children?
Do you fear something you honestly have no reason to fear?
lol ima go deep
Not at all!(:
what was ur favorite song???
ew
Tabi's a ninja :D and I'm a ninja star you spin me round and round. Lol being anonymous hides my shame for making that lame pickup line :)
dont you hate it when people are only dating for about 2 days and they put i love (the persons name) on there statuses and stuff? I do >.<
not currently
Hmmm perhaps?
yes :/ hahah
Elephants have very good memories. Who realised that and what other brain was it measured against?
if you had to remove a part of your body bec. it has cancer cells.. what part of your body would you choose? why?
idk
Like a week.
If you could have invented one thing  what would it have been?
Nope. I like games but i dont own any of my own. Usually don't have time for them
About how many pairs of jeans do you own?
yes
volleyball
who are your top three celebrity crushes?
What message would you want to put in a fortune cookie?
Haha! Staring at my doctor thru sunglasses while he was in my mouth! HAHAHA!!!
I love you...? haha
dirt poor
Have you ever used a swear word the wrong way and made it sound completely stupid?
so you wont? lol you forgot the ending. it goes like this i would if i could  but i cant  so i wont <3
tell mi wat ya want mi tew do nd iWill work it out
Say your driving down the road in the middle of the night and theres a kid on the side of the road screaming for help  do you stop?
If you could go on vacation for the next month with an unlimited budget  where would you go?
I love to draw. I took 3 years of Studio Art in HS and you had to turn in a portfolio to get in the class.. ;)
Painful? I had to tell my parents that I had gotten a dui and was going to jail for 15 days.
Whats your favorite j. depp movie?
what do u like most about me?
What word describes you best?
How many silly bands do you own? :]
If Jimmy cracks corn and no one cares  why is there a stupid song about him?
hahahahahhaha ikr. :) but D: im not even talking to him hahahahahaahahahaha
SUPERMAN!!!((:
What's the furthest you've ever traveled?
i like talking to jenny

What's the nicest thing someone's ever done for you?
Not really but I do like animals. Just not to make love to them. ha
Thankk youu(;
Mall or Park?
The Angel Of Death has descended upon you. Fortunately  the Angel Of Death is pretty cool and in a good mood  and it offers you a half-hour to do whatever you want before you bite it. Whatcha gonna do in that half-hour?
ONLY english native people! How does Spanish sound to you?
What would happen if you get scared half to death twice? Do you die?
the one and only :]
marital arts haha
Nahhhh they're kinda neat to watch.
What was the last fight you got into?
Would you rather be rich or famous?
the chicken flies at midnight....don't tell anyone
prettttty
Does anyone call you babe?
Hmm..i had been sick all wk so Ive only been around Timothy. And well I texted chels. So i guess just them two. Oh and you :) your questions make me smile sometimes hahaha
You asked didnt you? I was like 12 and you gotta do what you gotta do yo> haha
Would you/have you ever kissed a female?
not much. i used to go on 3 or 4 but anymore i get the recommended 8 hours hahaha
who is your bestfriend???
hmm probably Alejandro by lady gaga
sure why not?
Uhm.. Tilly's (:
WHOS UR BESTFIEND?
Ever come close to death?
DOnt PULL ovER!!! Never do that. Just keep going until your somewhere public and really well lighted all around. and then maybe go there until they leave. idk that would be freaky
Would you let me see you get freaky?(random) lol
Who was the best teacher you've ever had?
mhm
Not currently. Im on a waiting list and I really enjoyed microbiology :)
grape. still is :)
you electricute yourself lol
Its a chicken finger :]
<3
Have you ever used drugs?
I know its you dina im not dumb.
Who's the most talented person you know?
heck yess.
Do you believe in life after death?
i wish u werre fake
both :P
I dont havee mineee D:
How many hours of sleep do you need to function?
I havent seen it yet  i really like his cd though.
TABIAHHHH...
its more like 5 mins :) and i was delayed by a train ;)
Name something that's better when it's in your hands?
i used to think that but not anymore.
They say the garden of Eden was in Iraq. Then where is Hades?
nope. idk what i am haha
favorite drink
What are your plans for the weekend?
baptist.
Yes I do. :]
ever tought about going to the Moon or anouther Planet ??
favorite dish
I love cameras. Show your face yooo
Nope. Ohio :]
comedy
i may
What's a word that rhymes with TEST?
 w   fuck y0u.   y0u d!d f0rq3+  @b0u+ d @+ h03 VvV
every now and then
Do you prefer Tupac the best singer in the WORLD i mean was he dead and who doesnt like lee
i do <3
God that was a fun night  I want to relive it...we danced in wall mart to betoven bahahaha
Tabi is real!!! i knew her when she lived in Idaho!-Kinly
What was the first thing you thought when you woke up?
NOT AT ALL
it wass gudd
Do you like your eggs scrambled or sunny side up?
gay or lesbians?
If the whole world were listening  what would you say?
if thats what he'd wanna do then im not doing something right. so no but that shouldnt be an issue
A world without bees; good or bad?
yeah idk either  i honestly think its that person we were just talking about  the one that annoys you
If you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?
So who is it that you like?
haha it was kayla that wrote that lol you thought it was phoebe i tricked you hahahahaahahahahah :D
lol dnt worry iWill..Watz ya name?
Will you b my valentine?
im bout 5'9
it makes conversation haha
OMG!!!!! tell me!!!! ughh grrr rawrr bianca? LMAO! idkk TELL ME!
depends on what they're cooking. my dad makes amazing lasagna  chili and veggie soup. but my ma makes awesome fried chicken and wedges and mashes taters and baked ham.oh my!!
I like parks :]
If you saw your zipper was down and people had noticed  what would you do?
Would you rather take the picture or be in the picture?
Ohhhhh I get it now.
If you could ask Barack Obama one question what would it be?
Have you ever played Bloody Mary?
Are minors allowed to drink in your state?
lol
Call me tomorrow at 7:00 AM.
idk........
how did youu know
You can cast any actor now alive to play you in a film about your life. Whom would you cast in the role?
which year was your favoroute school year... i know its not this year cause you had taylor in your class!but it still could be this year...
Idk what love stoned is.. so idk haha
Its just the way this world works these days. haha
Nicee!
How many keys are on your keychain?
sherbert. yes :)
are your parents on facebook?
List 5 people you know. Then describe each of them in 5 words.
Not yet ;] Sure hope so here soon!! :D
Yes ma'am
Have you told anybody you loved them today and meant it?
tosha haejin goodin. real as it gets lol
Have you ever been to South America or Africa?
Hahaha(: ight
spiderman.
sometimes
Haha awee' who is this?
lolss dhat aiint gudd
okayyy!
not at all.
Are the best things in life free?
Yes I have actually.
Hahahahaha thats funny. I wanna learn so I can read all the questions you answer in filipino...haha its not fair!!
purple :P
Why u so perfect!? ;)
I want my mom to _________.
hahahahaha
Do you like your living arrangement?
What do you think of my questions?
If you could have been the author of any book  what would it have been?
your like wiked pretty  im soo jealous
What's your favourite part to watch in Rent?
If you're from Africa why are you white?
wanting to help everyone but myself.
hahahaahha i know  myspace.com/tabiisaninja
How long does it take you to get to work or school?
hahahha i really love that hahaha :)
I think the mama song :) hahar It was really pretty and it was the first time I had heard it  so live was awesome.
dont watch talk shows.
Does it annoy when people jock your shit?
When was the last time you flipped someone the bird?
Have you ever asked someone out on a date?
really i heard u guys got together?
What is the last film you saw?
we dont currently have a dining room rightnow haha
Hello there dear :) and your verrrryyy welcome.
kkk
ummm  im not sure haha i dont find anything i do impressive
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ. Pick one...
Beachhh
oooollllldddd
If you had threee wishes what would they be
i dont think so
hahhaha I would probably die of laughter.
10ish
Does your name make any interesting anagrams?
When you were a kid  what did you want to be when you grew up?
How old is your inner child?
tabi i think your the best but you push me away from being your friend because i did something wrong and i hate myself everyday and ive always regreted it happaneing i dont know if you know who i am but i want you too know i wish that never happened
lmfao hell no iGet way better [[no offense]]
Y0u m  d  h03 0rq @$m   @!n. F0r d  dozenth t!m3
dickkkkkkkkkkkkkk????
because there is nothing else to do.
good to know good to know ;)
used to be a whole hell of a lot but now not so much.
people talk about something you know they have no clue about.
How do you think the Obama administration is doing so far?
what does teaachgee mean? do you know what emahsnouoy mean? :]
Have you ever eaten an entire pint  or more  ice cream by yourself?
movies or music?
i forgot her namee  sorry D;
whats ur fav tv showww? :D <3
haha no im not lmao
nm...just chillin
summer sandals
who's jokes
Yes  bhut I think luck is blessing from God actually! in my opinioN!
k
lmao  i thought he spelled it some way messed up way. but lmao and you like i'll have 8says order8 and thats jack  j-a-c-k. then your mom-he knows how to spell jack. hahahahahaha
Haha...when i turn 60 ish ask me this! lol
Sometimes if your daydreaming but then your daydreaming so its not nothing..haha
Do you prefer Scary movies or comedy movies?
What gives you bliss?
your mom just told your dad to go sleep on the couch what are they fighting over?
hahahahah this is awesome i know how to send messages to all my friends
Would you reather have your heart be broken or break someones heart?
(girls)Can you belly dance?r (guys)can you break dance?
What age would you liek to get married?
haha. does that really work on people? i am gullible at times but really?
do you listen to your mom??
idk lol
Hello(;
hahahahahaha yess. :)
that everyone has a secret.
:) HAHAHA AWHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH <3
so whats up
i eat it like a normal person lol
Whats your favourite song out at the minute?
Have you ever cried yourself to sleep?
as soon as you turned on your computer  what website do you go to first?
LEADER <3
hmm..paris hilton
timothy
What's your favorite YouTube video?
haha thanks (:
Meowl?;D If thts a word haha<3
how much should a bag of kettle korn be?
Do you like ketchup but hate tomatoes?
just checking if your like a chomo or something ha. good thing you said ew.
tommy pickles. from rugrats
How long does it take to get over a bad relationship? (bad does not imply violent)
H2o
Is quality or quantity of friends more important?
Are you wearing the p<br>
MOst dEfinAntly. <3
love it
no
do you want to switch places with a male?
iLoveYou! Thanks alot! Bhut its alot 2 keep up wit! Wanna trade haha!
Are you someone's best friend?
yo ppl spread the word and ask me more questions =]
Twitter
sure
lolss yeahh yew aree
Thee comp? or cellfonne! hehe
yes. and its a little creepy
dirt. God made dirt and dirt dont hurt!! :)
Have you ever wasted you're time on anybody?
thank you.
i dont do brands. i do the look. i like how it looks i buy it.
im living it. i think nightmares are never worse. you can always find one scarier and more wrose.
do you like skittles?
mmmmmkayyyyy
What color is your favorite hoodie?
My bed is on the floor unfortuantly. I know I hate it too! We're moving though :0
What is your favorite movie?
lisha n jennie
Bruno
I need a haircut for some style but im trying to grow it out !! so we'll see how long this lasts. ive been doing good lateley
If Fed Ex and UPS were to merge  would they call it Fed UP?
thats annoying
mmm what?
text me(:
Any new and exciting news youu2019d like to share?
lmfaoooooo. JEALOUS bitches make me sick!(; so nicoo  ahaah what th fxck is up! :D
Goooooood  cause I want you too ;))) <3
What's your favorite kind of fruit pie?
I am the master at skippping rocks!
What was your favorite toy to play with as a child?
going to my grandma's
why is it that another persons actions bother other people so badly?
What do you value most in your friends?
most of the time
september 7th
hahahaha :) I'd say it was a little bird but i think it was one smart cookie
whats the worst thing to ever happen to you
Have you ever blamed someone else after passing gas?
:D hahahaha
hahahahahahahha lmfao I HAVE A MY YEAR BOOK. that was probably mine  i stopped useing it like forever ago.
Have you ever been to those cyber cafes to use the internet? How much they charge per hour? I did a long time ago  its 3 dollar an hour!!!
If you could ask George W. Bush one question what would it be?
yeah... even though i really couldnt.
What was the best concert you went to?
Are you gonna watch the world cup?
Is there such thing in life as a selfless sacrafice?
OMG   I did 200 Q's yeay MEEEE
wid wat?
well put...
You silly girl :D
ew no.
Myself Bubbly Funny?
What's your favorite kind of cookie?
What was so great about jumping on the bed as a kid?
VVV yes or no question!
Do you put up Christmas lights at Christmas time?
What's the nicest thing someone's ever done for you?
Definantly not. One :]
Is there anyone who was in your life that it hurts you to think about?
Who's your favorite superhero?
Nope
Nahh
Alrightt
*wear*
What do people most often criticize about you? (If some of these are doules I am so sorry.)
yes. only because it's petty highschool crap thats annoying and not needed. haha
D:
piratee's or ninja's? Ahah
What's yur fav color?
How do you pronounce the word sure?
Thnksss.!! Umm thass juss how I do it(:!
whats your favorite out on myspace and facebook?
What did you dream about last night?
favorite song?
ckuss yew forgot bout mhe
damn. i hate shiiiit talkers on formspringgg. i thought it was just a random question site thing
Last gift you received?
-question-
favorite song?
me and scarletts
What around you could be used as a weapon?
Laptop Dogs Family Shoes bed clothes coffee maker oven washerdryer refridgerator tablechairs pics camera bath tub! HAHAhAHAHAHHAHA!!!!
Visit? Plz *-*
What's the best gift you've ever given?
ammmmmbbaaaaaa
Are your nippleSz pierced?
Do you like the smell of weed?
Is There Anyone You Wish You Never Met? -_-
nahhh i just hang up
you should come next week!
What kind of music do you listen to?
why do you do this to ashlee?
Do you listen to music depending on what mood you are in or does music make your mood?
yesss
Favorite female comedian?
yes more than no. and because i roll with the punches. but like to think ahead at the same time haha
Cheesecake or brownies?  You can only pick one to have for the rest of your life.
toss it in a dumpster :P
Hitch hike babay haha
Actually its cabbage!;D
Do you believe in God?
bash my head against the wall hahaha ;)
What website do you spend the most time on?
3 physical features you get complimented on a lot? Name your least favorite feature?
and it was an interesting question that i asked to get that hobo statement lol
yes i have before.
unpredictable.
what about 456?
book :]
I have 2 actually! Justin Bieber (ofcourse)  Scipio Mondai!
kkkk
ummmm possibly a week haha i was cleaning myself haha im not a dirty person but like i had a broken arm anyways im sure it was less then that D:
musta? :)
What is a question you have yet to be asked?
Noo problem :] anytime.
If you could eat dinner with any person  dead or alive  who would it be and where would you go?
y ya wanna kno ??!
hahahaha true lady goo goo
WELL FOLKS THATS ALL FOR TONIGHT I HOPE YOU ENJOYED
:) awhh
are you loyal?
:) hey i agree with her (V) you are really pretty!
are you only acting nice to people now because you have to stay at brock?
Ate it?
really. travis?
umm money  money  money and short stack haha. =] and jimmy machan and beau taplin my obsessions atm lol =D
   @l!X $3D yUh wUz j3rk!n oFf t  q  p0RN !n hIsz q   wi+ y0 d @d
last year <3 7th grade
pretty fast.
What is the most exotic place you have ever been to?
hope that it'll work? haha
Who's the sexiest woman alive?
Can you tell if someone is lying to you?
Would you ever shave the side of  your head?
No school for me
Who would make a better spy...a woman or a man?
Person you talk on the phone with the most?
What do you think about parwents who drink alcohol around their children?
Pussy Cat dolls OR Paradiso Girls?
make it big enough for my extended family and those who really arent family but treat them like they are to live in
What's the best place near you to get a drink?
What would you do if you were the first person on Earth?
Hmm..sloth is what came to mind lol but its not really what I wanted. haha maybe  dragon :]
Dayyym gurl u got it goin on! ;]
If I feel like I need to then yes.
comedy or horror movies?
kkkk. hope you feel better!
What's the worst thing about where you live?
Haha yepp
Text me?
damn yew just hurt my feelingss
ahahaha!!!(: It wuzz funn!(: lmao<3
Do you miss your past?
Umm? Think wht chuu want babeyy(:
not at all!!! I smile too much
who was ur first kiss
Do you know anyone in prison?
hahahahahaahaha is this dakota silvey?
have you ever wrote a love song?
Do you believe honesty is the best policy?
I loveeee youuuu alexissssssssssss vvvv mines better(: hehe<3333
Does your school have dry erase board or chalk boards?
Listener definitely chuz i get cut off alot so i just listen or ignore pplz!
Has it ever been hard for you to say I love you?
Whats a saying you say a lot?
hahahahahah every one keeps asking this! but nopppeeee.
sing?
if you could be with anygirl in the whole world  who would that girl be?
well if this is who i think it is  you didnt ask to see my poems  and i wrote some for you and i showed you and you didnt care much
yes once
That's my baby rightt thhere!(; haha but nah
are you a party girl?
thank you :)
no we talk up!
hmm.r my husband.
shan kinqst0n yo cuhz??? forrreal???
Hahah!! ohhkayy?!?! lol Wht do you call a deer with no eyes? I have no ideer! haha Classic  umm i suck at this haha
yes! haha neat trait of mine.. i can plug my nose with my lips :]
You outta know by Alanis Morrissette ;]
False.
Do you like the movie Chronicles of Narnia?
siblings?
Have you ever bid for something on ebay?
in highschool maybe haha
Well i thought that you were at first but I've realized that you're intentions are good and i wanna get your number ;)))
Favve Song
Thnks :]
do you wear hats?
What color is your toothbrush?
funny background statement =>
Nope
I luhh u already! I dha grl dat wanna give u becky and sex
Is love necessary in life?
nahhh
yea i don't like it when it's dirty
Why do you press harder on the remote-control when you know the battery is dead?
that was gonna be the first hint but i guess i knew it was too obvious
Seriously  leave Tabi alone. WTF VVVVV
well would you believe that youve got me Love Stoned?
What was the best advice you've ever received?
nope.
with nail grooming tools? file  clippers  no biting people! thats so gross and unsanitary.
do you think you're a good friend?
What food are you burnt out on?
dhatt wass me  lol
Have you bought any new clothing items this week?
They're okay. i haven't seen them in a long time :/
not really when i first meet them
Lykee OhhEmmGee  Hiii Mikey
Are you picky about spelling and grammar?
popcorn!!! twizzlers. and some mike and ikes.
Ohhh well i didnt know you were doing that  you know since the questions come backwards to you..hahhaa sorry about all the show your face comments. hahha
Do you wish someone was with you right now?
kohl's actually.
yes. but we end up warped in the end either way..
Entertainingly cheesy :]
Do you think youre hot and/or sexy?
repeat.
I cannot listen to that Heavy metal! I like me some rock(oldies) bhut not that scary shit ;D
DO U NO ALIX'S SISTER HAS A CRUCH ON YOU
repeat
hey who diz?
I aint da one dat said da tampon thang. But i added yo myspace.
How many languages do you speak?
lol no iDnt iGuess bih
sometimes. i did that a lot when i was sick this past wk
You'll neverr know (:
hold im confused
i wouldnt catch one.
Haha nahh ive just fractured some thumbs bhut itz all good lol
did we have any classes together this year?
I Havent Gotten 2 that part!! haha
I dont. But what is complaining about it going to do?
Bahah  yeah i'm totally just gonna' get pissed at you for talking to you. Mhm  thats just how i am! ;D r Ha  noooot so muchh.
hahahahaha >:) im evil mwahahahahahahahahaha
What's something unique about Ohio? :)
Who is the biggest gossiper you know?
