Do you have a distinct smell?:
Cause its called a banana :) I love bananas
it's 60 degrees out here 2day..2days ago it was 20..global warmings a bitch.. Lol
Tell her she says Bitch like it's a bad thing
Could you go out in public looking like you do now?
Ohhhh  jeez. That sucks... I hope she gets well!
yeah when it first came on but not anymore at all
there's nothing better than listening to music on shuffle and hearing you say  you bitch!  randomly in the middle of it.
that sucks... she should prolly just change her major lol
bust their face.
you never posted your blog. and today is guest blog day. get with the program my slut pink zebra. LOL loveee you anyway!
oh my..that sucks butt..hardcore..wow
i quit heroes. nathan is a fucking douche.
Thankss(:
kkkk. hope you feel better!
coronas! <3 so beer would be the answer :D
LOL i wouldn't know anything bout prostate spasms but it sounds terrible. they really needed 2 get up on their hotel piss game!!!!!!
do you curse?
dudo your doggies are cute my aunt has a pug but it ate some of my mp3 and im just like damn so im music deprived now
Its foggy as hell here too. Looks like damn Seattle.
Which is your favorite day of the week? why?
ever dyed your hair? if so how many times?
i know  haha. 1408 is so gay. i don't even know why i'm watching it.
If Jimmy cracks corn and no one cares  why is there a stupid song about him?
the iced media party. Long ass day at the office  time for a drink or 3
lol
the man has talent and makes some damn good music. But he overrates himself sometimes.
admit it. You're secretly in training for RSA.   who? I can see it now: Cigar  red-bull  and can of whoop-ass. Nice.
yeah and I woulda gotten away with it if it wasnt for you damn kids...
Frat boys think  good game  afterward means they aren't gay. Doesn't make 'em str8!
Nahh
LMAO!! Hot sauce indeed!  but sheeeeit. you can take a picture of   wrapped in ME! fuck the dumb lol
what advice can you give to a person who is so insecure of you?
I have three pairs on!! having low blood sugar sucks :(
yo why u always tweetin' about boy problems ?? Fuck nikkas  get money  stay focused son!!! I know you a Hustla  Hard worker!!
stop acting like you know everything. your fat. get over yourself you mouthy slag :L and no your not better then everyone else! (:
gay man
you come home and find your parents talking with your school counselor and principal/headmaster ... whats your first thought?
lol whore bath...funny.
oh gdnss  jus saw vlog. WOW  I met that fool yrs ago   MJ restaurant DC.  What a loser!
I hate that  just finished round 4 of rough revisions for a client... can't they just be clear and concise at the get go?
that sucks! no wait  that's cool! umm. no.. that sucks! but it's cool! sucks! cool! sucks! cool! sucks! cool!  ...........
touche (i hate getting SHUT DOWN. I guess that's what I get when I pray for humility.) at least I am a better student t ...
My Dad :)
Nooo  combichrist DOES equal peace  damn you! Oh  January... Andy  here I come!
now if only he wasn't a hate and fear mongering a-hole...
AIR client? Damn. What's up with it?
fucking awesome. Happy holiday.
I iz calm now  cept I can't figure out how to properly edit my wordpress templates. NERD ALERT NERD ALERT.
Does it bother you when strangers try to tell you what to do?
Olivia you dick! I have your phone and your wallet!
mhm
damn that sucks
Have you heard any J-Fish songs. if you want a sneek peak I can send you a few songs =) I have all his CD's I'm a J-Fish freak lol
Ugh  twitter stop it  you fucking slut.
nah but i read the spook who sat by the door and im pretty sure someone used clips from that. maybe com on  the bitch in yoo 
i hate you
what an ass  who the hell says things like that. I'd report the fucker
Chicken Or Hamburgers?
maybe you should go punch him in the dick.
yeah more like I stood and then sat down after awhile. Hate you.
yes i think so. if it need to be necessary.
don't worry. i love my niece and hate my sister in law. I think its like a rule or something.
 If they would have cremated that son bitch I'd be tale grabbing his ass right now 
R u going out with John John?
I know how to change a tire  change my oil  what most parts of the car and motor is. I can put all liquids in my motor :] and I soo have my own jumpers haha
accomplishment
Have you told anybody you loved them today and meant it?
fuck yes.  I hate them at work...
Heh. Fuck 'em WHERE?!?
not really
Wtf. Fuck you
yo i just listened to  live and let die  Werdplay feat. Mic Geronimo..that song is so fucking insane.
way to not text me back DICK. :P
FUCK YOU!!!!! I'M DIVORCING UR FUCKING ASS!!!!! HMP!!!
If you could know the future but not change it would you still want to know what it is?
bad mood. i think its bedtime. i hate alcohol it ruins everything. :( hey what u doin 2night? x
are you the person you want to be?
gay man
I hate FCC they are evil
yikes! glad it wasn't worse i guess  but still sucks. get better and hope the insurance crap goes by quickly and easily
encore! encore! suree hahaha
damn you trying to be number 3 on her list? she dont need no more! :p
No school for me
damn straight! I say you  me and danie have an epic rap party over break since we'll all be off. Yes?
you're having a bad-snow-day... that sucks!  if you are snowed in  noone will see your hair right? Trying to state the positives
Ummm SUMMER bein almost here! Who isnt? haha
fuck you  dude. it is more than amazing.
To live....Pluto still. It'd be like living in alaska haha
UNNNGGGG if he used that fucking word i'm never saying Epic Fail ever again..ooo i'd like to give him a sock in th..NEVERMIND!!
When was your last plane ride?
Y0 D!(K W0obbl3 !n y0ur p @n+$ 
Surprise parties u2013 yes  or no? Why or why not?
aw that sucks.
fuck you shane lol
If a king is gay and marries another guy what is that guy to the royal family?
I dunno  did you offer me any of that fuck-ton of beer in your fridge on Saturday? NO
:( PS3's are fantastic devices. Kicks XBOX's ass :D
I hate you with the hate of a thousand hates. ;)
(:r cools iLike that pikk lols
....i make an ass out of my self  sad blushy face*
K so you hate me tell me why and then I'll never twitter you again
that sucks big time.
I have 2 actually! Justin Bieber (ofcourse)  Scipio Mondai!
I went to a wedding party this saturday! :] it was fun. I danced a lot ahhaha
If you could be invited to one person's birthday party  whose would it be?
ohh everytime I see that nasty ass husband  wants me to beat the shit outta him
Did you French kiss before you were 16?
damn man kobaa e ??? :O
Ah  so it was tough to hear about over and over... That sucks man. Sure its been tough.
hehe  fucking shift  ... never heard of it in six months..... u get to fuck in da shift?
I also just got Emma as well. I've been a lit nerd too long not to have read Austen. I have shame regarding this.
I thought the same thing  he should have just hauled ass.
bang him if all i care! just don't get aids or anything. :) Hahahah  just kidding! don't do that.
Wow. Why did I JUST see this tweet? Damn  son.  SUPER late.
I think Bangladesh did  What's Your Fantasy   and fuck what   anyone says  that song is a JAM...can't front on it...
na just a bitch of a teacher!!!!
damn that's cold! It is going to be in the 60's here and we still haven't had a snowstorm. I want snow!
tabi i feel so bad about these bitchy girls who keep on saying shit to you on here  if they even knew you they would no you are the most moddest girl i have ever met.
Ech! LOL....if it was me  I would wash the sweats at least twice...then again I hate bugs!
haha  exactly!  And I love YOUR new picture! I was wondering when you were going to use this cute ass picture! I love it!
What did you think of Eminems video for Love the way you lie (ft Rihanna)?
Who do u like
This guy was that weird solid fat looking type with skinny legs. More funny than scary
oh come on. I mean  we all love to hate MyZou  but it's one thing to hate MyZou and another to take a time machine to the 70s.
Hey Matt  I hate to say it...... but maybe its YOU!  Or  do you break things just so you can be the hero.... cool idea!
i hate firefox. i'm a camino chic
gitu emo jaman dulu ya :D
Colgate i think. its the minty kind :P
anything jennifer lopez haha
wtf? That is so gay.
YES ROCK BAND! Only it hasn't come yet  fucking postman. Totnes was brietastic.
Are you silly or serious?
are you sure they weren't looking for my blog w/  wine bottle in ass ??
LOL I did zackly same thing! BTW thanks for leading me to   Just reqd Born Loser's Guide to Abundance! 
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
that sucks.
I think your gay sorry.
I hate .... you .... zzzzzzzz
YOUR INSANE BABBLE  HAVE YOU LOST YO DAMN MIND?
what a fucking bitch.
Where would you bury hidden treasure if you had some?
Have some kick-ass holidays guys.
Name something you do when youre alone that you wouldnt do in front of others.
i hate sewing. Period.
you're so gay. I hate lonestar.
pig 100% pig
I hate when I see people doing that. I am with you on that one. Why do people think that is okay?!
Sliders was a fuckin Kick ass show meng I miss it to
no!!!! Ahhh he is fucking crazy hes been killing himself since yesterday still nothing!
AND DAMN I JUST LOST /AGAIN/.
uh uh u fucking bitch. haha dont take any coats  skinny jeans  slippers  gloves  bomber hats  or scarves.
did Santa cum n visit u huny?
lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
i dont givafuck. ur friendless  previously stated in one of my other comments. except for firey  bitch
that's why I throw a hard ice grill at him...no words...get the ticket and get the fuck out cause I've never had luck
YOUR INSANE BABBLE  HAVE YOU LOST YO DAMN MIND?
that sucks  hope you feel better soon.
All those people who hate Hillary are the same ones who voted for her husband and loved her before Obama.  Just seems strange.
fuck you  merten.
Crazy lawsuits happen every day. God and the fabric of mankind is more powerful than gay marriage or a Canadian lawsuit #TCOT
shut the fuck up LOL. I wanted to take a pic so bad but it would have been obvious. My mom wanted the hat. I just tried it on haha
Exactly. Poor kids. That damn thing has me watching weird videos on YouTube now. Argh.
damn  girl lol. do you kill 'em w/ kindness in real life too?
I love them too. Though I have to say that Sylar is my favorite villian in the show. I love to hate him. Hehe.
What body sprays are better Bath  body's or Victorias secrets ones?
uhm HI!!! Could you please get your ass to Hawaii!!! Thanks :)
maybe you should go punch him in the dick.
ight well its kinda hard...idk well mi lil boo  mi boo  and mi ex.
Yes for sure it sucks when it happens
odd  Bloxx banned worstseoblog on my system  Prohibited by URL database (Hate-and-discrimination)  GAH.
as much as I hate the winter  those pics are beautiful. We've had insane-o storms like that in MO. Sucks so bad  esp sans power
yes
I fukin called ya white pussy gammon ass like 2times smh...I juss got ofa work now...ima head by u
What colour is your bedroom painted?
Hi tabi how's life
Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because (it must be) soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
i know...and not in a good way! grrrrr I want to fuck!!!! lol
Ummmm you outta know ;)
  It is a hate-fest  and that's the way I like it.
i was spanked but do not  only because it makes my kid behave worse  so doesn't work. not a lot does work-kinda sucks too.
oh lol gotcha... well i'm a fruit freak. i don't like melons  strawberries  the list goes on.. one day in heaven i'll like it all
when did you ever hear that? haha.i dont even talk to matt.
whos? ima slap the bitch.
Do you volunteer for anything?
i saw you had this thing so i made one too. loser i know ha
yeah he's gettin whiny...and her dads gf is about to get popped in the mouth! can't stand that bitch!
Ewwwwwweyy.
i'm ok  now  darlin :)  i just hate my body sometimes.  it hurts me when it's most inconvenient.  i'll be ok... :) thank youuu
who du u like
Stop it! I keep thinking you're going to say he's here! Now I'm waiting vicariously through you! Dammit! I hate waiting for babies!
I hate projects like that!!
do you get one if someone sticks their boot up your ass?
kkkkk
yes
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
fuck you  change your name. Do you know who I am? (yeah  neither does my mom.)
On average how many texts do you send a day?
y do u post pictures of fat girls all the time.  Does it make u feel better?
your a pale whore..
if i had to no them kayla......if i didnt.......andy clemmensen haha.
aw man  that sucks!
What would you do if you lost your bathing suit while you were swimming?
alrighty 
the only show more thug is the nigga who be in the woods eating beetles and drinking his piss! that niggas GANGSTA!
Why is sex so talked about?
Please do...anything from you my sexy bitch!
Timothy. april. Mother. Chelsea S.  You.r Loyal. Funny. Stressful. Partier   intersting.
damn that sucks
ah sucks  maybe Redcliffe then  I guess it depends on what time I get up tomorrow haha
I went mac in 12/2006 and now have 3 (selling 2  buying 1 more .. so net 2 by Jan I hope). I LOVE my macs and HATE my work PC :)
brittany is from MAYODAN abbie aint from ellisboro  either.dumbass....and the lst 2 aintchur girls they dont evn lik u.
it was a good show...dude!  Did you call in gay  rotfl
would you date a complete babe even if you were..(key word were) straight?
idk haha
dont worry im not anywhere near that club 2nite..ghetto ass poetry club
(RT) Fat Bastard (my beagle) is writing his  tail-all  confessional diary about online dating...
2008 was the year I started  fucking paying attention   as one friend said I wasn't doing before.
I never watch those show or even read the lists because they invariably piss me off.
It sucks to be done with exams n still be   Mayag.
and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min  out!
because youre stupid.
not to sound amazingly  astoundingly gay (not that that's bad) but you sound like a man in desperate need of a few pillow shams
ur drunk ass needs to stop drunk twitterin
why yess i do.
sometimes
whatever about the Gay Byrne voiceover  shame on Eason's for running Christmas ads in early November!..
I vote for   Shawshank Redemption  You would hate Twilight b/c it has the worst score *ever*. Srsly.
oh dhatss watss up
hangs longer than u while u lay there on ur ass! 1 day u gonna look back   these days  ask urself where did ur life go?
*throws all 52 dollars in my pocket at you* Let me hit the MAC. Ill be RIGHT back. Hold that pose *forgets pin number* FUCK!
lets fucking go tonight... you know you want to! Or at least hang out. I fucking hate being alone sometimes too.
dude you are such a fucken fagget ahahaha
WTF you speaking in tongues and I ain't even fucking you yet. Good for him then.
i forgot about the clothes haa. i cant wait to get my ass in2 my skinnys! :) i belive im also getting 2 pairs of pjs. scorreeee!! :L
because your supposed to look up and be aware something is going to potentially hit you in the head..therefore i do look up just quickly and aware!! you should do the same. think about it! :)
Like fuck I am.
say it to my face trick ass nigga i will fxckin murder you i aint tryna make no body feel bad so you can hush that you got something to say then please  step up  show a namee fuckinn bitch. whuss up?!
i second that. i hate banks
damn  that was hard  my last attack: gnocchi! If you answer to this  you'll win
  Cock and bull
damn we got BWNT  where you headed tonight?
i'm not in a relationship to scare off anyone so i thought fuck it.  i'm saying it. could use a baby snuggle
Aw  that sucks. Get better soon  Saurez.
that damn camera!!! lmao
LIKE BITCH WUSSUP! Ahahaha
The job sitch sucks. My husband's a carpenter. Who do you think is building in this economy? NOBODY.
hahahahahah :) im replying to this  what about you?
I HAVE THE LOOKS AND SOUL OF A FUCKING GODDESS  ARE YOU JOKING?! lol
I hate moping. It's horrible. Mum makes me mop the kitchen floor sometimes and I always want to dieeeeeeeee.
  You crazy kids be careful  it's a fucking jungle out there!! :~)
What is the craziest thing you have seen lately?
nope
wait until you have a final cut on your documentary before the sex change.  You don't want to fuck up continuity.
I hate the FAIL meme because it's mean. FC was more funny than mean. Ps my real initials are PJK
yeah and I woulda gotten away with it if it wasnt for you damn kids...
Agreed.  Is Dick Clark setting an example of what to do or not to do?  Very sad to see him now God bless him...#nyetwarty
YES. the thing is big enough for my ass plus another half. its like my parents couch.
cause i just need to get my mind away from all the bullshit out here..im bousta say fuck doin music...just promote others...
Yeah that sucks. How long ago did u purchase? Have u asked for a refund for the difference or r u totally turned off now?
Ye Olde Cock looks nice.
will try and get them to contribute something to the process  just hate the morning hubbub b/c i'm doing everything!
I did ur mom last night? Naww I don't like old fat white bitches! 
damn  that sux
yeah I hate having to re-add stuff and losing my ratings  but certainly doing this is the LOOOOONG way! Happy Hannukah btw
Damn fatboy... take it easy
It happens. Sucks when it does though that is for sure. Glad you aren't steaming. You'll have a better day tomorrow.
Have you ever wondered how many people have lied to you?
AARGH! I hate that Big Bro here   work blocks so many sites! Now I've got to wait till I get home tonight to take a peak!
my and timothys anniversary. we went to boi na braza  the brizillian steak house downtown cincinnati. its was super snazzy :)
lol i think she's a huge bitch BUT she's good at what she does and is entertaining at times :)
i would answer that but im not so sure of who that is 
Hmm...gay marriage is a subset of gay rights  but they are not different animals entirely.
that sucks.  I do both at my work  which is a pain the rear-end too  because everyone thinks they're designers ;)
I send you a hug ma. That sucks! 08 was full of some fuck shit  I'll say that.
Well any planet in the universe would involve planets that aren't named to me yet...therefore yes I would :) love to go to a planet we've never heard of!! haaha Yes i would live there.
do you cuss?
following your link  Had been recommended them by a music freak friend before but never followed through. I like the video
what song? wtf haha
Musicals:  Cheesy or entertaining?
Have you tried 'fuck' and 'Fuck'? (yes  they are different)
totally loved Odo. But the Ferengi make my skin crawl. out of all the species  they're the ones i hate the most. yuck!
Sony Vegas  fucking amazing! :D
i hate you for both those statements. lol
women lie too. I know a bitch who was pimping herself out on craigslist. Yes  craigslist. I didn't believe it till that email.
Hell yes! Lots of them and thats including yuh!<3
U know they all the same dame spot! I bet ya'll got the same damn middle eastern type of cats cooking that crack up too!
I almost punched her vagina into the new year... grrr she was a cunt bag. How is your trip going?
hey umm.. talisa  even tho I don't give a rats ass bout this shit   | talisa  the damn monkey mail doesn't come on monday lol
no prob  but watch out  it's fucking addictive!
...If you want to go back to Idaho so bad why dont you??? ... Texas doesnt want you here anymore than you want to be soo .. just leave!!!
I don't know.
no it was a direct Church of Why Don't You Bloody Well Piss Off
Have you ever been bitten by a spider? If yes  what happened?
Do you believe in luck?
Give them info about real Christians. The Episcopal Bishop in NH is openly gay and has been amazing influence on our state.
   @l!X $3D yUh wUz j3rk!n oFf t  q  p0RN !n hIsz q   wi+ y0 d @d
I hate FCC they are evil
no wonder you laughin'  i'm supposed to stay away from yo' ass.
D: well who is this?
What was cured ham  cured of?
  Yall the dick hit me in the eye all the way in NC. I think Im in love with a gay man!
Fake ass Left Eye.
baptist.
i am  just so behind now   it sucks.
Haa wow  I didn't see that yet thankfully. I just see too many rappers money talking with pics of them in their broke ass hosues
you should come next week!
Judge Chevere at the Daley Center..she's hispanic and a bad ass! Too bad i'd never want to go to law school..
 kicks some serious ass.
hmmm probably buy a few things for me and one of my besties :D
Aww. Thanks dear. And I hate my gradeschool friends for ditching me. They forgot about me when we are suppose to be at her wake.=(
Isn't that the evil show about the witch and her husband and the large group of gnomes?  (I hate watching TV at my sister's.)
how did you spend your 2 weeks time with out formspring?
An eagle definantly.
ha! not the stomach ache part the big and fat part
~ wholeheartedly agree that NYE music entertainment sucks!
lol!!!!  I used to be the wknd assignment editor and would get mail addressed to  Weekend Ass  I didn't know how to feel.
i wish i didn't own it  it just takes up space here...i haven't even ever unboxed it  i hate games :P (jk  jk)
fuck you shane lol
aww  that soo sucks D:
i hate coffee...love the smell...but not the taste...i can only stomach it if it has LOTS of cream in it
Thanks! I'm not familiar w/ the  nerd heard  language. You should add #NH  so I can say #WUW #NH  @craigsanaotmy!
dnt worry iWill
that sucks :-(
I don't wanna sound gay or nuthin'  but that sir... is an arousing pic.
that's killer. Wish it was even cool here. But it's been damn near 80 most of the week. No where near festive temps.
aww that sucks :/
yeah I hate this bitch and I'm glad the chief killed that other dude!
Are you laughing your ass off with all these  juicy  twits?
I love to draw. I took 3 years of Studio Art in HS and you had to turn in a portfolio to get in the class.. ;)
That wasn't me
Damn :/ I remember I was always trying to save for a Kiko Transwhatever its called potion.
And the fat crow has left the nest; repeat  the fat crow has left the nest.
What were you doing the last time you really had a good laugh?
How do youu plan on making my birthday amazing?:D<3
i love you to :)r thanks people are lameee
I said 666. The opposite of me.
Avocado is my FAVOURITE 'good fat'. Hahaha... I'm afraid I indulged 2day and had my avocado w homemade cheese nachos  black olives.
Fuck off naturally as opposed to artificially?
have yu ever wondered what people would be like without yu 
you can fuck right off about that hoodie thieving comment
Not talking about incident but more so the attitude that I'm gonna bitch  make a comp do something on a subjective matter.
yes. i dont eat them. haha
Do peoples words bother you?
not that i can remember :D
Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
ground her now and she'll kick your ass lol
I miss being a kid. yes.
katrinaneufeld Does a French whore smell better or worse than ur down home Blackstone variety?
Awesome...Love it or Hate it...An Atmospher of Change...is HERE
damn I have to drive my dad to the airport that time oh well wonder wit it's about
loooove that game! Haha  I used to be such a Nintendo nerd!
wannabe fortune teller. backtracks his entire premise in the last 2 sentences: declare it dead  but it'll live in a diff form
lmfao shee a stalker dhat bihh saidd who aree yew
thanks! so are you! :D
  fuck it  lemme put on some D-Block and throw on my Apricot Scrub with exfoliating beads. Saturday baby
that's what I hated most about meridian. long ass walk to campus. best part? blocks from adams morgan!
hmm..i dont think i would haunt. I would be like Casper the friendly ghost. :) and want to make people friends and have fun all the time :)
wow emo... Ik ben benieuwd...
YOURR SUCHH A SLUUTTT
straight sorry :)
How would you describe  in your mind  the greatest guy in the world? What would he be like? What would he do with his time?
That sucks man! Hope you start feeling better. I hope you and your family have a very Merry Christmas!
best lil wayne song?
if you were black  that last one would be so damn racist
whats wrong with a monkey fuck? Lol i got my zippo fueled so no need of monkey fucks now lol
niiice likewise...sure the boricua gave that away. ah yes we boricuas have good taste (Rob Pattinson) hehe damn sexy brits lol
I've noticed he can't spell much beyond NOM and BARK ... sucks for him there's only one K and two Bs in Scrabble.
Dont delete your account!
a nevershoutnever video
k
Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
gotta hate those fake posers
good to know good to know ;)
Do you know anyone who was adopted as a child?
Not really. Atlantis was okay. Old Star Gate on now. Was about to watch Numbers. Might do Sudoku instead unless u ready u fuck :)
TOTAL DICK. Cell phone
dont hate too hard!  it hasn't been very warm here lately!
Lady gaga looks like Christina Aguilera? True Or False?
aint nothing wrong wit a big girl...i cant stand a super skinny bitch...or is it just me... :)
I don't care about leakage. Fuck the person sitting next to me in coach. (actually I do care)
MOD_ELLA IS A FUCKING CUNT
What do you grab to drink when you're hot  sweaty  and thirsty?
Seriously? WTF?! Who can pass on hugs and kisses?! Not I  That's for damn sure!
I LOVE Pocoyo!...because I'm a freak!
you can have my dick. Its delicious
oic but what do you want sir? Did I get you a book on conspiracies and shit already? Yes I did hmmmm fuck thinks
that's hilarious: environmental sensitivity  hippie stink? i know the snow + roads in sea  bitch  but it's a 1 in 30 yr deal.
 midget w/a hookhand hangin off your collar  IM FUCKING DEAD. BURY ME. D-E-A-D DEAD.
Do you know where your Dad was born?
what's your most used word?
whuut youu up 2to  follow me on dis shxt :)
yeppp
nahhh.
Nope.
What the fuck is a _________? (Insert your govt' name in blank)
No  I HATE those commercials! Just GROSS. *gag* Okay okay  you've got an hour before showtime. hehehe 
thx for the well wishes lisa! i hate taking meds  so i'm all for fast healing:)
Hey Matt  I hate to say it...... but maybe its YOU!  Or  do you break things just so you can be the hero.... cool idea!
/emo damn you.
Name something you bought on your last trip to the store.
and last q for the moment..........is duck tape made out of ducks?
ah!!! despereaux  lol. Maybe not sure. I hate in 3d they always copy an idea a re do it  this one is like ratatouille
What last made you laugh?
i hate you! i want to be in bed :(
Not currently. Im on a waiting list and I really enjoyed microbiology :)
Describe your first REAL date?
That sucks:)
yeah  it sucks :(
cool. But that fireplace looks totaly gay.
If you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so you never had to do it again  what would it be?
It's only life..by Kate Voelege
I hate you.
dude so weird  i feel like good will stole one of my best friends too  Damn the man
It did  then my fucking dad turned it off. I just don't think it likes your movies. I was tryin to watch Nanny Diaries.
YOUR A WHORE!
samee here bby gurl
i would rape you..............this is kaylanot pheobe
No and btw if this is the person i think it is please stop tlking to me lol =]
Brave and controversial actions in public are always met with a good amount fucking stupidity in opinions devoid of any knowledge.
WHATTTTT O________O omg.....nahhhh i hate roller coaster and im extremely scared by this shoot......
why do i imagine gouthami in police dress kannu adchifying and asking u for a lift! damn  i must stop these perverted thoughts!!!
HAHA WHYYYYY do you hate my school!? NOOOOOO :(:(:
I've only done it twice (and once was on about an inch of bangs). I didn't do it over  even though I want to. I hate straw hair!
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
My sis made me think   your  Femmes  Fags  blog..she is a total boi but so extra that you would think she was a fag. lol
people hate to admit emotional decision making  though. manipulative  some think. the uphill climb of personal branding...
Thanks.  We're delayed about 12 hours  damn cargo! Animal skins and scrap metal  I think  so I'm heading up there early Tues.
thank you! oooooohhh hot brownies right out of the oven :D
damn straight. one of the guys here only just made it out alive
fuck them!
aw that sucks baby. Just one more reason to love this snow.
Ohhhh  jeez. That sucks... I hope she gets well!
are you and lindsey talking?
attention whore.
 Big Ass  was this past weekend and went well  #2 (Last Minute Maul) is this weekend.
    damn right.  Someone needs to drive me around when I visit!  My vote is for a convertible 89 Mustang lol.
do you get one if someone sticks their boot up your ass?
lol no
shits gay!
dont talk to rubinathy15 she is stupid
what gives you peace of mind?
i saw you had this thing so i made one too. loser i know ha
OMG your so MEAN .. really really mean +_+  i hate you .. hifftt
Well get your ass busy!
Im so jealous. But I'll be eating that same rice pudding in 9 days. Enjoy the fuck out of your trip
  I always hated when people bought practical things like carpet or knife set. BUY THE FUCKING DALMATIAN PEOPLE!
If I had to choose. One ear because I wouldn't have to loose all my hearing and noone would see the defect of losing a part of my body. I would cover it with my hair.
God.. that commute has to be a bitch dealing with.. driving back and forth from Raleigh to Fayetteville...
you can fuck right off about that hoodie thieving comment
omg ikr? BECKETT~ he'll be like oh god  not them again. fuck and this is a FOB show  weird. lol
baptist.
well just go to the local whore house!
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha i s
sigh.. I can telw you because altho you'll laugh at me at least you won't think I'm a freak or tell anyone.
Hey  last night was kick ass good times. Forget the negativity  it's meaningless. Let the good times roll =D
Lol  I'm not enough of a LOTR nerd to need to install Tolkien fonts. :)
Damn man  that sucks. Do you think you'll ever get another cat?
or maybe go see bolt tonight? or both? don't know if you're busy for white whale stuff... but it's my bday. let's celebrate
hi (:
What do you think of the Saw movies?
Love Youu 2222!!!!
i think that term comes from the ppt being printed out and being a stack of paper (thus deck). but i hate it too...
YES ROCK BAND! Only it hasn't come yet  fucking postman. Totnes was brietastic.
haha i don't really like walmart that much either. hmm yeah that sucks :( hope you find one
hey
was just joking...hate people who act that way
that sucks :(
did u ever like tayler philips?
sorry i missed you   Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy  I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
was Twitter freak before  now have phone. Look out!
Grosss! Your face is nasty
God.
Oh  that sucks!
yes I love it. its a funny hobbie and way to express yourself :)
nerd!
you are a fatty fat fat
Love to travel  but hate to unpack. ;)
That sucks... Can you use it on your iphone?
Too-fucking-right. Im still a NIN Virgin... a VirgNin ... lawl.
because i'm a dumb ass.
Do you know any mechanical stuff about cars?
yeah i just don't wanna do blackberry but they may wrestle me into it just because they r kind of the best. i hate 2 admit it.
ooh im sorry my non celibate ass mourns for ur celibacy and it sorry demise my condolences 
If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
damn that is purely awesome!
i love youu chica!<33
Name a bird with a long neck.
Night Guy' is ALL motivated   11pm but he knows 'Morning Guy' is gonna hate him when Miss Emily arrives at 5:30am ;-) Night Tweets!
i wish i did.
HAHA jk i love you tabi(: (i tried to scare you) hahahhaa.
Hey  don't knock the Port+OJ until you've tried it.As cold remedies go  you're still sick but no longer give a damn. ;)
lol why u hate winter??? hehe lucky  we got summer   xmas!!!
hahah  ass :P hehe
Be prepared for Toro to be a comple ass...
too right XD Gordon Brown can officially kiss my ass! Freak!
Drake.  He knows his mother was a bitch.
ohh damn bummer
no wonder you laughin'  i'm supposed to stay away from yo' ass.
helllo :)
If you guys are having the problem that pages aren't fucking loading  then I'm having the same problems too.
Me?? Hairy ass??? WTF?!?! I would laser that shit...
I would totally hire her just because she said sales-whore.
damn I wish it was 1 here so my day would almost be over; btw that Wiley track is my fucking anthem...good looks
Me. haha
We've maybe had 1  total here across 3-4 different  snows  My first time with snow tires ever and I can't have any damn fun!
go fuck yourself.
VTU  SUCKS .
I'm a shoe slut; Gee's a jacket slut; we're just all a bunch of sluts xD
ham stands 4 hot ass mess
yo I will nerd out on this shit all day!
hate you
i hate the  let's play introductions  throwaway day in classes of more than 5 at the beginning of a semester.
sorry my friend...no other team do i hate more than the cowboys...i do want jason witten to do well though
how did you spend your 2 weeks time with out formspring?
Wow! That sucks.
and the beamer was underwhelming.  had all kinds of issues with the on-board computer.  nothing major. just enought to piss me off
Drake.  He knows his mother was a bitch.
sorry  you have no cred. Two words: pig ears
wow  damn I would have been pissed   that...
all i heard for the last 2 hours was WHORE WHORE WHORE SLUT WHORE WHORE OH MY GOD WHORE WHORE
Do you wish someone was with you right now?
If you could change one thing about the world  regardless of guilt or politics  what would you do?
Who's the sexiest woman alive?
shazzam so y'all been cupcaking the whole time (insert eye roll) Figured. Y'all probably already damn married.
My problem is that bankers and investors have taken risks regardless of being told how bad things could fuck up.
Hell yeah the drunker the better...is drunker a word..more drunk? I think its more drunk? Fuck it our show is hood. drunkener
ohh damn bummer
iKno dat grul
how so? It's more reasonable cause of the smaller age difference...plus Mikey's always sex deprived so he's a fucking animal.
It is totally rad  I assure you. But being a loser with no life outside the internet  few people ought to see you in it. ^__^
Why do you think people have unprotected sex?
admit it. You're secretly in training for RSA.   who? I can see it now: Cigar  red-bull  and can of whoop-ass. Nice.
dude  fucking seriously  you watched hella  now pay or wait an hour. bull shit. I want Stage 6 back!
Totally.  The ass end of my Jeep is not  but no life forms were impacted.
Ohh mann this is a GREAT  Chrissy Michelle Savannah AJ Bianca and lotss more + you!<33
bitch... lol jk
I hate those dreams!  I spend the rest of the morning dissatisifed with my own life and wish I could go back to bed :).
it's never been as bad as that first round but it still sucks when it comes back  I think I'll pour a drink ;)
DM. damn.
does it wobble babi it be all ova da place
I LOVE how that statement was misconstrued as GAY!!!!
You can stop voting now. Holy fuck. If only McCain had you on his side  and you were 18.
Yeah. I'm not going to go offf about how long the DN 3D remake has been in development  but damn!
hahahahaha 
That show sucks. It always scares you. And Boo Danny. He is a fail!
Nahhh. only that the occean is dispicably turning to oil at the rate of people saying ohh who really cares and the welfare of the creatures living in it is in our hands....not too much of a concern thooough...
man it sucks dont it.On the plane home yesterday i was in agony with the cabin pressure.My ears still are not right now :(
  Hate to say it  but I can't make the convo today. Take my space for someone else.
elmo. cause he laughs so much =D
Love Burroughs. Bukowski was like a broken clock  right twice a day. Ginsberg BLEH. I hate most of the Beats.
That it's that rare of a sentence is sorta depressing.  Especially in light of   's  Loser Cam  Xmas gift to me
did i jus get a reply from an emo asian!? CRAZY!
Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
a frienf of mine did the mud run. Said it was a bitch showering. lol
I loved the band name: Gay Biker Nuns on Acid  Doesn't exist  but we had a kid in high school convinced it was a punk band.
fuck em then! heh
You're going to find a woman and tease her to make her have to cum silently at work?
yea
Show your face Anonymous WTF?! You make no sense you fake ugly bitch
i likey.
you said fuck everyone!
That sucks. Are you alright?
Awww man you just reminded me! I wtch it sometimes bhut i love Big Mike! Pplz are really wrong bout letting Katie go!! Argh  
thats why I hate megavideo.  I'll see if I can get someone to update the episodes with an offshore video hoster.
you got that right! People stealing others' generators   other stuff inside the homes when they know no one's home..sucks big time
(this one is bothering me a bit.) Why does it seem like most everyone wants to knwo if the world will end in 2012? Are we going to fear it till it's over like Y2K?
kroger babay. its soooo better than walmart.
hugs hugs hugs you are good we are very happy with you and love you and don't hate you.
Warm Mt Dew tastes awful. :/ Try Jolt Cola instead. Or maybe even Whoop Ass. 
big mistake. we gotta even it out. who da fuck else is in!
damn iPhone that's SHITE. Learn English slang
finally it took too damn long
Figured tis the season to be fat. For a bit. And then start working properly on weight in the New Year-A is coming to gym with me!
lochness: yea  he did a good job of getting shunned if not his ass kicked for sometime
point taken. fuck.
weekend ofzo? 3) I still hate twitter 4) I love Gerard he's writing umbrella academy but I still haven't read it yet -shame on me
If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
...fucking coded shit. I dont watch old TV shows so I've only see the new Dr. Who  the stuff since the reboot. Loving David...
 i know  right!? it's lammmeee. except  i'd love her too.she's hot. and funny. you're right. i hate my life.
you are a twitter/last.fm whore! :P
Ugh.. fuck! That sucks. I'm sorry mama... I really need to start buying latex. I love it  but I swear I can't afford it right now.
interesting concept but I agree with   freak i don't think that's beneficial to u.
call the police prolly
i still feel bad. I woke up at 2 am and was like fuck! Then i saw that carly called
Flawww buddieee
So true  so true.  Lame ass people are now officially off my radar!!!! Bu-bye!
This is a better Hodgman excerpt:  it is hard not to conclude that Barack Obama is somewhat tone deaf when it comes to gay issues 
Why do people always think something can't happen to them  until it does?
don't hate on ghajini. It was an awesome movie.
So i heard that alot people were complaining on too much spam so now we are allowed 100 only? wow?
yes yes  so gay.
how did you spend your 2 weeks time with out formspring?
I got it. How many damn websites do u have homie! Sheesh!
yeah. It's ugly! And their rebounding sucks!
Have you kissed more than ten people this year?
Windows Mobile sucks!
damn man kobaa e ??? :O
yesssssssssssssss...its funny cause i hate the weather...but im gettin ready to move back to michigan on tuesday where its worse HA!
umm idk
That last twit was supposed to be   at you  but I did it wrong. Anyway  I still love you even if you hate Ta-Dah. Srsly.
that karma is a bitch  HUH
Laptop Dogs Family Shoes bed clothes coffee maker oven washerdryer refridgerator tablechairs pics camera bath tub! HAHAhAHAHAHHAHA!!!!
Oh I hate that!  After one mortifying experience I never ask a woman if she's pregnant.
one thing you would want to disappear on this planet
God damn. That's some stocking up.
i don't know that bambi's ass is a nice place. LOL
Do you sleep with your closet doors open or closed?
A pussy on my cock on my pussy  if you wanna take it further. ;)
  Juicee that dick gone make u masturbate. watch what I tell you.
What happened in '93? (Also  I would have accepted  29-5-4 bitch 
I will cut you in the mouth bitch!
Now I have to try my best to get my ass blocked by  @souplantation.
if i get scared ill be sure to throw u in the way so u shiver in terror and piss ur pants like u already did
when it matters
ooo tht sucks...happens to me all the time when I drink 5 hrs...
mhm o wow
kkkkkkkkk
nah
this pastor is a homophobic racist person who compares gay people to pedophiles. THIS IS NOT THE 1900S
dick and bubble gum. Thats what used to work for me lol
Damn skippy.
ahahahaha so right. Im fucking freezing my ass off here.
i'm looking 4 a WOW gift 4 my gf...*sigh* i HATE buying presents 4 ppl; i never know what 2 get! MsLika
To the question below  when you said: im not fat? Arent you suppose to say I'm not fat  PERIOD? Cause if you put a question mark your saying your fat. DUMMY.
biiiiiishop!  fuck u want?  yo ass punk...
fashion parade. (damn sneaky mousepad enter key thing.)
you need to work in that department so you can clean your smelly ass.
  haha. i love it! gay nights for all!
Vans  pants  and a shirt haha
   @l!X $3D yUh wUz j3rk!n oFf t  q  p0RN !n hIsz q   wi+ y0 d @d
I brought Prussia back  bitch.
Why what? Hate payment history letters?
damn damn damn James....
We've maybe had 1  total here across 3-4 different  snows  My first time with snow tires ever and I can't have any damn fun!
The beach is fucking shit  you're my daddy  and soccer is for faggots.
Have you ever been on the guestlist for any event?
How often do you flick people off?
I fucking love Haunted.
yep ur an uber nerd now
why are you still alive?
Well I hate your phone. BAM!
wow  damn I would have been pissed   that...
Wow  that sucks  work at home day?     I couldn't agree more  good day to be under the covers  relaxing.
dude dont tell me what to do thats not your place. i do what i want. just chill the fuck out and worry about yourself.
let's be gay together!
If u talkin Teyana Taylor.   is right. she don't like dick G. sorry.
Oh a fellow spelling freak!I can't stand looking at a wrongly spelled word.Haha one of my many quirks.
you sure as hell look like a dog.  don't fucking call me 'hun'.  got it.
yes.
go 2 hell
ahahaahahahaha. yourr a funny kid.
Is There Anyone You Wish You Never Met? -_-
aah  so TwitOrFit.com is a Twitter/HotOrNot mashup clone. Should've seen that coming. Sucks that you have to login just to vote! :(
not for a while. i havent' been on in a while.
well i hate the way you make cars.
nope.
There are two types of people in the world: those using  lol  ironically  and those that are fucking twats who deserve to die.
umm idk haha theres a lot of them that i say alot lol.
Also  I caught that  Gai-damn  earlier  and I support it 100% ;)
Would you ever want to swim with sharks?
gotta ask cait but want to come over for dinner? I'll cook. I'm not blood family but I'd hate for you guys to have a lonely ch ...
i got a new phone today!
For sureeee :]
damn straight! I say you  me and danie have an epic rap party over break since we'll all be off. Yes?
Haha no  I mean that I love the money  my coworkers  but hate how much time the jobs take up. It is fun to hate them though.
My sound is being persnickety so I can't catch up on the vlog until I reboot  which I'm too damn lazy to do now. But tomorrow...
I haven't been online all day  whore.  Trust me... one post from me is going to be more than you want at your house.
I nominate   for #coffee because without it  he might never FINISH HIS FUCKING NOVEL.
I HATE YOU *eats spoon full of oatmeal and slurps down diet coke
I hate taking down the decs. Everything seems so bare...I'll leave my favourite robin up until Tuesday  though.
  i'm hammered and want you both at Hot Damn.
idk honestly.
i hate you
Hmmm...personal? root word.. lol umm probss... bubbly  nice  honest(sumtyms)
ugh.. r well  okay cool that you like me thanks. but being rude doesnt help anything nor is it going to get me to like you. sorry if that sounds mean.
damn blue collar tweakers...
This bad gay works for a company that likes to write people up for sneezing.
Son. Of. A. Bitch. :-p
mmmmmmmmm idkkkkkk i cant choose. possible something from mayday parade or plug in stereo
everyone judges. maybe not conciously but all humans unconciously judge even its only for a second. :] no worries i say i dont judge either. haha
FLOOR.
I've never seen Wall-e. Yes  it's a hole  I know  but that doesn't mean you're not a huge nerd.
  Alice don't believe anything this kid says !!! I hate him  but only cause I love him so much..*sigh*
We have some haters in Detroit and Onterio.....God don't like Ugly...must be the no-competition (In Canada  I think) I hate spam
supposedly its what they call gay dudes in the south. Bear meat is supposed to taste sweet.
i agree  tooooo damn cold!
That sucks  they owe you much?
iLyke dat
omg that so fucking sucks
Who was the last person to call you?
Are you a leader or a follower?
LOL FAT NIGGAZ UNITE FATRON!!! HAHAHAHA
Now wait a second mr fanboy. You cant judge it without seeing it. You already think it sucks and its not even out.
Not at all
Do I know you?
A^A^A^A^A^A^A^A^A^A
RT this then GO fuck yourself stay the FUCL out of lives and HOPEFULLY you'll die a Horrendous DEATH for all to WATCH
If you could ask Barack Obama one question what would it be?
Did you intentionally spell it as 'sux' instead of 'sucks' to fit it into the character limit? ;)
Would you get high with me?
Are you a private person or do you openly share your life with people around you?
fat.
Clearly. Decepticonian bitch. Or at least incomprehensible. We shall steal her bras!
I'm just gonna start the emo kids who pretend-to-cut themselves clique. I can be found in the library playing WoW if you need me.
thank you very much. You seem pretty cool as well :] ha
I hate you so much right now. 
Have you ever dreamt about something more than once?
How does he feel about marmite? Love It or Hate It?
 run over my a Hyundai and ass raped by Clay Aiken.  I would so prefer it the other way around.
Oh damn. I only have one strike. But no spares!
Fukin sun's blinding.... Reflecting off my damn phone screen
I have no idea why I live here. It sucks in the winter.
lilmommaabc your phone sucks then! Lol
LIKE HOW U SAY WHAT THE FUCK AND CLEAN IT UP WITH HECK LOL
I am taking you up on those cuddles!  I should head to bed.  I am watching B. Urie pound the fuck out of a drumset  though.
Fuck off naturally as opposed to artificially?
Same with prospective clients.  I'm returning YOUR call  dumb ass.
attention whore.
THANK YOU! Beautifully worded. I'm so fucking sick of people just hating for hating. Everyone think they're so deep these days.
Is it true you kissed that ugly Cody kid!?!
ya i know cuz i am letting you know who this is. r my name is Tatum Not krista
I take that back  I am so not a whore  but I would def play one on tv.  Haha
yeah  its seems like most of the time unexplained highs are related to a bad site or fat delays
xD! i know. hmm ....i wonder how it feels like to fuck bingo  hard .....hmmmm  i guss i'll never know D':
I don't believe in a lot of specialty kitchen gadgets  but I cling to my potato ricer and my popover pan. Carb freak? :)
possibly
Thank god! I hope they give that lying bitch the chair.
Why did you fake yourself? That's lameeee you know there is like a lot of hate groups on myspace of you?
Yea
you should come next week!
ZOMGZ Fontfeed! I am such a Font Freak. I used to have 5000 fonts on my puter. The poor thing nearly choked to death on them.
M33+ m3  @+ d  m  0n m0nd    !ll q!v3 yuh d  b3$+ b3(ky 3v 
That was fucking hilarious... WIN
This guy was that weird solid fat looking type with skinny legs. More funny than scary
cucumbers and viniger
lol
wat concerts have you been too?
hmm..dogs  cat  fish. Pretty average.
lol.. hate u both..
Yvonne that's a french ass name Yvonne.  My little cwasont 
You have no idea how damn tempting that is. I've already procrastinated by drawing roads and zebra crossings ;)
well damn lol
ha yes the $$ part would definitely be a big help! Don't you hate that?!
damn yeah
haha thank you! haha
alright. The test is on Monday and I'm gonna be studying my ass off.
if you could live anywhere in the world where would you live
who the fuck is bur`li?
What is your biggest accomplishment?
fuck 'em
Nope. I know a little thai and some spanish. haha go figure.Im seriously the whitest korean chick you'd ever meet :]
damn.  did you buy bitchy too?
Your 44 years old? :O! Dumbass  Pedifile. :D
about 900 lol i havent been on for a hot second
Yes but I hate that so much. I  usually try to make up by saying something funny :)
Turns out I hate shopping  too. Way too many sounds and smells. I just want to pee on everything.
grrr I hate that. I have an ex-friend who only gets in touch when they have something great to tell me about themselves... o_0
you get to buy booze  i get to drive with my parents in the car. FUCK YOU.
awz cum ova
do you wear hats?
Wheres the fucking egg nog brah?
hey man! You =gay! Lol jk
lenee  that bo*o ass incense you gave me smells like an episcopalian funeral. lol! choked out saturday night  etc.
Have you ever pranked your parents?
Haha! I'm glad someone else will admit to seeing (multiple times clearly) Gummo! I let someone borrow mine... lost. Damn.
I AM SO UPSET RIGHT NOW IRL  GODDAMN YOU. I AM KEEPING HIM TIED TO THE BED AT NIGHT FROM NOW ON  FUCK YOU AND DAVROS.
  You crazy kids be careful  it's a fucking jungle out there!! :~)
Oh sad faces :( I hate it when that happens! Reading in bed usually helps me...
What do you do for headaches?
damn that sucks..I hope you are ok now
meh. All year round baby. They're actually growing like fuck at the moment  except for the caterpillar incident yesterday.
damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
i had to... i deleted the annoying bitch. she kept making me puke in my mouth
we r so fucking on for real. I might leave after Josh  but i can't wait! _
Well  maybe it's in California  but the Gay community here is peeeeisssssssst.   It's going to be a big problem for O.
  oooh shit i forgot what i was gonna tell y'all -_O UMMM oopsie...ugh i hate my short term memory
Was Jesus a virgin when he died?
damn girl. that was fire!
Oh it's pretty much public knowledge that I hate shaving my legs. Or at least it is now.
how are you drunk bro? DAMN I.. it's only 2PM
I wonder if can write  Kevin Rudd Is A Cunt  for the next 30?
nope. but i wink at timmy sometimes :]
fuck u and ur fucking break =/
yeah  its seems like most of the time unexplained highs are related to a bad site or fat delays
ripping off Emo Phillips + ba-dum-bum jokes wouldn't get my vote even if i was the web-voter type.
Say your driving at night and you see a man on the side of the road screaming for help  do you stop?
yum yum
Aw  that sucks. Get better soon  Saurez.
see i told u tht u r a playa. stop playing girls u cunt..
Well I I said some words about Pollgod that i didnt mean because a SP member was being a fuck head lol
what da drilly wit dat do! ...oh  and i STILL got distribution in Japan...damn  that chick was the worst that night
What amazes you the most?
you should know who this is. just text me.
well i know who this is..
im not good with pranks. soory :(
Is like putting Lipstick on a Pig!  You were perogued! LIVE WITH IT! #canadawest
man it sucks dont it.On the plane home yesterday i was in agony with the cabin pressure.My ears still are not right now :(
headphones
If vegetarians love animals so much  why do they eat all their food?
  damn you...
maybe someone's being a dick and hogging up the connection..I dunno *shrug*
SON OF A .... bitch! hahahahahahaha
No  but  Listening to Deathcab for Cutie while missing Burning man staff party...etc  would have been way emo.
Success.
Hell yeah!!! And the best bit of movie dialogue ever..Jason says  I am NOT the gay!  ... OK Jason i belive you ;)
WTF you speaking in tongues and I ain't even fucking you yet. Good for him then.
I just read ass pet a cat.  Adam...that's just wrong.  :P
Male Chauvinist Pig. :P
What is your guilty pleasure Disney movie?
that sucks just saying ~*Krystle*~
What's your dream car?
do you have a bf??
Graphic novel class? I hate you but I love you but still I hate you and oh yesh  Hows ya boy JImmy?
If nobody buys a ticket to a movie do they still show it?
I always thought of him as Hermy  the wannabe dentist.
that's even more gay then your previous gayest statement ever made........
if anyone's a loser  it's YOU.
Hints in icing are bad or good? Skywriting sucks unless the hint is a very short word. I'd suggest a delicious tag for nerds.
Fuck yea it's the bomb
what does that say about me that I was laughing my ass of when I heard that. Rapping the word titties is just damn funny
yes that is how you reply. Sorry Ava but I hate the Gecko. Lol.
 See  I had to google   cloved lemon SCA   to figure that out.
Life is never going to be easy.
Hell yeah!!! And the best bit of movie dialogue ever..Jason says  I am NOT the gay!  ... OK Jason i belive you ;)
yes.
so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
HATE.YOU.SO.MUCH.
It was mostly how i was raised and how i like to act myself. personally i like the way i am :]
Aah! I actually hate you!
Damn! This is deadly  keep em coming! :P
I love cameras. Show your face yooo
Don't hide that pussy from yourself. Bust that kegel nut.
ur smater than me then. last year  i was out on nye sick as fuck. came home with pneumonia
lilgego1youngg @yahoo.com
we all fucking know better.
heard there were 2do fairies tht come  do ur 2do list if u put a list by the freplce (kinda like leaving cookies 4 the fat guy)
YES! Now All I Have To Do It Talk To The Pack... Simple Enough   Bribe Leah  Damn! thats a Hard.
Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
immortal? invincible  privileged  all-powerful  above-da-law  I-am-da-law  da ends justify da means  I don't give a fuck I'm IT...
why do i imagine gouthami in police dress kannu adchifying and asking u for a lift! damn  i must stop these perverted thoughts!!!
oh ok it's the dick-in-a-box guys  that explains the timberlake appearance
damn! I don't pray but I hope she gets well very soon!
      just departed for Greenville. I really hate saying goodbye :-( Praying for a safe trip.
gee  i'd hate to see what you say about the family ;)
I can't find you on facebook I was lookin' for you  a Tosha Good came out O___O
Ask me anythInclude Your User Info   ing
Lol... damn... me too... o_O
I hate nearly everything about the first two HP movies.
nahhh not really
  Cock your gun.
if you actually are a vicious ass koala bear  better to find out now than later. or else you might get confused.
Would you ever sell drugs if you were poor?
Yep  it's blocking the absurd hate ur preparing to throw my way in 5....4...3.....2......1
i'm like kyu 5000k  just a beginner.  I just posted one of my ass beatings on my thomasott.net blog
fuck apparently i 4got that no homo part  guess i said that with a lot of homo
LMFAO!  If you haven't seen this  you totally need to.  
not telling. you will have to just find out on your own. it probably won't be too hard though.
lock it  yank his rights on both his accounts.  He's been a little bitch lately and I'm sick of it.
I hate .... you .... zzzzzzzz
What was the last thing to scare you?
I thought Emo's don't  squeeee  I thought it was more of moan
damn straight
will do :) ha I don't mean to sound gay but I have no layers in my hair after tour so well see how it goes ha
what are you waiting for atm?
Yup yup
What song did you last sing out loud?
hehe oh i see (:
You're so gay  you don't even like boys.
Dang I hate the little buttons. GO BACK ONE TWEET!
i can't stop watching carrie underwood clips!!! im listening to cowboy casanova rite now!!!! :) i am soooo excited!!!! OMG
pssst  my massages include an intense ass massage 2 die 4. Don't forget a nice foot rub too. Usually will lead to the E zones
damn straight you do
sharing my most intimate thoughts with another being  my boyfriend. i used to hate telling anyone anything. but i dont now.
How the hell do we get in these money situations? Sometimes I just feel like saying fuck it and have them come for my car.
haha read my previous message :)
your a effin cunt! Ihu!
BIG FAT HARD HAWAIIAN DICK. Too much?
Dude they dont finish enclosing the fucking showers. I hate half assed jobs. Whats the reasononing behind it? Makes no sense.
that really sucks. I feel sorry for all retail workers over Christmas. I didn't have to do it last year and it was wonderful.
Sure glad you found something better to listen to. Would hate to hear you make the news  that  way
well it sorta depends on what mood im in  like i cant really choose favorites
If you saw a robbery  would you report it?
ExpLOrE tHe WOrlD   :D
Tabi is real!!! i knew her when she lived in Idaho!-Kinly
R you pregnant or Fat?
If you found a suitcase full of $1 000 000  what would you do?
:) who is this? haha
i hate sewing. Period.
i am going to work on a grassroots gay rights project that will involve the communities of color.
Fuck  amen to that
Do yuh have any stalkers?
I didn't want to say anything for fear of a split screen of   driving down to kick my ass...
yo ppl spread the word and ask me more questions =]
but its a-fucking-dorable  look at the bugger.
if you could change your name to anything you want  what would you call yourself?
Not that im aware of thankfully
damn yo I did!
I don't mind using the exclamation point. It's the overuse  I hate. I have some teacher friends using 3-4 after every sentence!
What's your favorite drink?
Not yet ;] Sure hope so here soon!! :D
Do you think you could defend yourself if need be?
dont hate too hard!  it hasn't been very warm here lately!
Damn dude... That's why my window just broke! The EOD are on their way man! ;-)
Dam Right. Fuck em
I hear you can cook your ASS off!!! =)
omg  that sucks arse! I am so sorry =/
damn.
oh man.. that sucks  sorry your feeling ill... I'm still coughing  sneezing  seem's like this cold will never go away.
psh bitch I'm at work running 2 trains with a 70 minute wait stupid kids and dumber parents I don't wanna hear it
hahaha okay? i dont hah
Listen  RayRay  I gave you the lowdown as soon as I got it. I hadn't heard it b4 and I was shocked. She seems to hate his guts.
damn yo I did!
I hate when it snows cuz people out here can drive!!!
my lungs are fine  but my legs are like  bitch  your ass is heavy !! let's stop  
all that I know of is the Revenge vinyl. u? and sorry for delayed answer  my internet sucks and trips out
I laughed so hard when I first heard because my gay husband (good friend  lol) says code 3 when he has an emergency
that sucks;{
damn! Ok look  make the stripper pole look like a knitting needle and impale a stripper granny on it. That's the only way.
Hows The RAM? 250  360  360gb's Damn Dude.i only have 160gb :(
a fat boy sweet talker?
Do you like mustard?
I swear Michael Scott-esque loser somehow infiltrated your acct  bought lots of womens pantsuits  fur coats there.
 Dude  you're gonna hate me! Here... more T-shirts for da T-shirt lovers      
damn  that sux
DOG... ONE OF THEM WILL SOON CATCH YOU SLIPPING! THEY'LL PULL A GEORGE CASTANZA ON YOUR ASS THEN NEXT THING YOU KNOW  UR MARIED
na just a bitch of a teacher!!!!
will do when i get home  only time i heard it was warped though  fuck life!
rock out with ur cock out dude!!!
oh wow ohkay
I should brush my bangs over my eyes and join you in emo grief.
#NAME?
I miss being a kid. Yes.
dude  that sucks about your laptop. I hope you get that worked out. 
BITCH GET ONLINE  I FOUND CUTE SHOES
Breaking Dawn was a little too freak show for me.  I wish the story had taken a different turn after the wedding.
Don't make plans.
Wouldn't it have been smarter for BET to do something on blacks in politics... Damn I hate that station!!
Have you ever seen or enjoyed watching the O.C.?
I TOLD UR ASS IL BE HM 2MORW NOW GET AT ME LATER HOLLA LIT BITCH
damn kid...condolences homie 
You can come entertain me. I don't have class til 11 tomorrow. And I am almost done with this damn paper.
hard. seems like with everything. ughh ha
you are sucha nerd! Love it!!! V(^_^) haha
anyone or someone particular?
lmao damn right but we aint talkin bout me here
way to hate on me before 7 am!! Yes  and to ALL you tweets...I made the Lightening McQueen cake.
I hate projects like that!!
I agree. They'll use whatever excuse is convenient to  trim the fat. 
You're soft...Dude ran our country into the ground with no shame whatsoever...People need to be throwing boots  fuck a shoe...
i do want to.. :) but who is this hahahahah
nope unfortunately
Do you like blue cheese?
bitch... lol jk
and biggest. That would be a bad-ass name too. At least his middle name.
a party bored as fuck. God I need a grown man party
Time's running out for them.  The Cboys will pull it off.  Looks damn cold.
What do you think about formspring.me so far?
could you imagine John F Kennedy or Churchill or Abraham Lincoln shouting  yaa boo sucks you 'kin wankaz  at the opposition 
Do you prefer hot coffee  iced coffee  or neither?
(avec un retard de 5 heures) Bonjour Semio!
What's one way people commonly misspell your name?
Your John Mayer  My Jacks Mannequin. Andrew McMahon is my LIFE SUPPORT. Not to sound emo or anything ahaha
Do glow-in-the-dark objects stop glowing when somebody turns the lights on?
sorry  you have no cred. Two words: pig ears
i hate those DIY post office things here in #ALB. no matter what the lines are still insane.
its frmo south park lol
damn I don't wanna be him. But I am sipping good!!!lol
aliea you better stay away from jesse james joplin the third!!!!!!!!  i don't give a fuck  bitch
was it the Nigella coca cola ham? that pig rocks!
If you had to throw away either your TV or your computer  which would you choose?
He can be a nice guy  but he is such a dick when it comes to fabsubbing that it is ridiculous.
Any new and exciting news youu2019d like to share?
wat a fag....
JAYLA U TOK DAT DA WRN WAY MEANIN U WEAR PANTIES ASS ITS NOTHN SEXULA SO DNT BE THANKN DAT
Are your dreams mostly sweet or bad?
    wow I totally know that fine line between love and hate! #dead_by_january_i_didnt_sign_up_for_this_shit
bitch  hurry up!
I love that you love hockey! (even if I dont like your team- tho I hate the Avs too so we have smthing in common) Go 'Nucks!
Not yet ;] Sure hope so here soon!! :D
 i wasn't on Twitter yesterday  so a belated  for fuck's sake  from me  man  what an unbelievable shitter. :-(
okay.
im still in love with my first love.
I hate you so much.
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
describe your perfect day
spilled coffee ALL OVER ME. Bitch.
Damn Danica! I know BK went hard  but shiit...we evoke tears  too? Lol
if I ever fall alseep with them on  I wake up with the off. Hate them.
#NAME?
damn right
HER ass is on top
lol damn... im sorry?
I fuck wit the lows if there dope...but I know y'all got me fam I ain't trippin
If there was a hour extra everyday what would you do in that time?
when did you ever hear that? haha.i dont even talk to matt.
I KNOW I HATE THAT! (re: websites with music and no off switch!)
could be that I'm not typing hard enough? happened a lot more when I first got this laptop about 3 weeks ago. Sucks ass
Miley  Bieber!!!
That ALWAYS happens to me! Damn skype.
Haven't you seen Wall-e. Fat people... Ha
commiserating in the flu club (mine is tummy flu) w you. def. sucks being sick.
have babies :) hahah that is pretty crazy.
Agreed!  Twitter showed the way with the whale ;)
I hate being behind those slow as plows. In a storm  it's nice to be on the plowed road  but I hate going that slow. Ugh.
Are you afraid of heights?
hehe  fucking shift  ... never heard of it in six months..... u get to fuck in da shift?
except now they have his crazy ass son to deal with  probably.
ha! sucks for u!!
I'm more into shows like Dave Chapelle...I fuckin can't believe he flipped out and didn't do anymore..fuckin sucks.
I have no clue. What makes anyone do the mean things they do? we're all human. Humans are confusing.
Have you ever had a dream (good/bad)  that actually came true?
the explosion of social media into mainstream business.  We will see everyone joining Twitter  its the  year of the nerd 
I hate the fucking CTA. Fuckin' idiots.
hahaha you went from santa to elf? I know our economy sucks but don't let them demote you  that quickly ;)
Who do you lyk?
Have you ever hated that you loved someone? >.<
i dont get t
I nominate   cuz he's thee Best Damn Troll we gots!! ;))
yes.. flickr upload photo its sucks on eventbox.. huhuhu *tooos* gw juga gak make digg sama pownce
wow dude. sucks. See you uh...next week then.
 Nazi and Facist... I could you call you a commie pig  but that's not very gentleman-like #Gaza
It sucks!!! My kitty (adopted alley cat) only knows how to potty outside  so I was freezing my arse off trying to get it in. LOL
I got it for Wii  when I get back from my dad's we're gonna play and it will be so kick-ass.
he's gay like u lmao. And the rest of the guys are alergic to fruits. *wink* lmao.
damn L me got the boot...but thank jesus lord no pussy rips for you anytime soon...just more passion fruit and DR scholng
bojangles? damn you! so jealous.
I hate when I see people doing that. I am with you on that one. Why do people think that is okay?!
.....I.Hate.Him. He's.... UGGG!
You would hate to see my sister :/
depends on your plan. if you pay out the ass for it  no.
Which is more appealing to you?  Sun  moon  or stars?
RT this then GO fuck yourself stay the FUCL out of lives and HOPEFULLY you'll die a Horrendous DEATH for all to WATCH
wErd... you pick out (2) kick ass hip hop songs and we'll doit yo~
btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
best high school memory?
PETA is an ass in the article  D. Big time.
iFUCKINLoveyou!!!<33 xox ha!
Fucking pallys. I learned to hate them playing Warcraft III. And fuck rogues too while we're at it.
tonight??? all fucking day man.
...would love to share some ideas (read: have been looking for a guinea pig to play w/ twitter + teaching  @uwgb) Interested?
All three babay :)
You know damn well your boss is going to leave early.  When the mouse is away   
i wouldnt know
totally loved Odo. But the Ferengi make my skin crawl. out of all the species  they're the ones i hate the most. yuck!
Hmmm...i don't know. I want to. :D
That sucks  at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
Way to go loser  how does it feel to be an inanimate objects bitch? Must feel terrible to NEED something to be normal. Shame on you!
why do i imagine gouthami in police dress kannu adchifying and asking u for a lift! damn  i must stop these perverted thoughts!!!
damn. It's early. I'll prolly be woopin it up at the challet basque when I'm off.
shan kinqst0n yo cuhz??? forrreal???
fat.
hahaha i don't hate german  just a couple of germans. Guten morgen!
at night. i like to climb into bed clean :)
Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
You done started something! Got me all nostalgic and shit KNOWING good and damn well I got work to do...LOL
Oh  that sucks!
Hahahaha Crazy.
Who's the most talented person you know?
he's a retard. shouldnt he be old enough to know to not  be so damn nosy and butt in on peoples relationship.
Definantly not. One :]
the boy i'm talking to is a ravens fan. every time he ends a text with  fucking bitches   i can assume that they're losing.
Agreed. I'm disgusted by the major corps who know damn well kids are watching  and have decided they don't care slimy ads 24/7
don't you just hate working that early  i hate it with a passion.
well just go to the local whore house!
fuck no _ I'll be out there by myself.  That's my ALONE time. Meditate if you will. Me the pipe  the stars rflecting  thnkng
ah yes us all believeing in modern medicine and such  damn us 
Name 3 drinks you regularly drink?
I'M THE JUGGERNAUT  BITCH!
after I kept getting caught I just said fuck it  lifes too short and I wanna sing off key fools!
Have you ever ridden in a taxi?
Name 1 girl you find pretty.
I promise it'll go away as soon as   wakes up and kicks my ass.
o agree im catching a fucking cold. it was freezind in tx  now burning up in ga
Damn  some in-n-out would hit the spot.
goddamn it kj...fuck you 58 times 
Do you sleep with your closet doors open or closed?
follow me  you jackass. i hate you sometimes.
possibly
well w.e. its obvious he is a player so i think its funny u got played
Oh  hey  that's good! Makes much more sense than what I had floating around in my head. :) (1001 uses for goose fat...)
Ugh. Probably the same brain-deficient retard who stole my name on Youtube  Gaia  and all the faggy sites. How old is she?
I dunno  did you offer me any of that fuck-ton of beer in your fridge on Saturday? NO
yeah  its seems like most of the time unexplained highs are related to a bad site or fat delays
If London Bridge is standing why is there a song about it falling down?
HAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHA LULZ      your STILL a cunt!!!!! hahahahahahahah lulz lulz lulz lulz lulz
You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
  oooh shit i forgot what i was gonna tell y'all -_O UMMM oopsie...ugh i hate my short term memory
Oooh oooh oooh  and I wanted to see a good bitch slap too. Altho I that does go against my pacifist ways...what a conundrum
How does he feel about marmite? Love It or Hate It?
i hate your face sounds EXACTLY like something i would say.also reminds me of a drunk girl trying to fight me and
That's what sucks: I don't actually get to do it. I just had to prove I could plan it out. -KayCee
When you packing your stuff to leave and go somewhere for awhile  what is the first thing you make sure you have?
you are sucha nerd! Love it!!! V(^_^) haha
Funny I always thought Job Security is dependent to how much ass you can kiss? (wait I guess they are one of the same if you think..)
Arrrgghhh! I hate him!
and you called me fat why?
I prefer women to be fat in other places  anyway.  Fat toes and earlobes are so cute.
LOL- I know how much u hate traffic- just know it was 10 times worse last night :)
do you like shaun diviney?
I thought the same thing  he should have just hauled ass.
Have you ever cried from being so mad?
i'm not emo. I'm fucking happy!
fucking ayeeeeee
you used to make fun of my list for never changing  next I switch it up and yet you hate (C).  I can't win.
Not in the shower but i do in the stand up tanning beds hahahha
Can bald men get lice?
if you give up the dope  you're gonna get fat. live fast  die pretty!
ur a damn fool lmao
wat a fag....
Thank you lady :]
yes.
I remember and that's why I loves that ass. U make me feel special. Lol
I didn't get sad the Alaska trip got postponed until I thought about some King Alaskan snow crabs!!! Damn I really wanted some!!!
Yes :)
GA has finally let out is inner ass and now everyone hates him :D
you're a fucking maniac.
yes  they have. any supermarket should carry it (trans fat free Crisco.)
LMAO! He's horrible. The Beatles changed the fucking WORLD! And are still an icon to this day. Who the fuck are you?!?!?
Last night. Me  My boyfriend went to the store and I started pickin up all kinds of things to buy and was like what the heckk did I even come here for!! :/ haha Thank goodness for my bf having his head on straight.
Y A Y!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IM SO HAPPY THAT YOU ARE GOING TO NORTH :DDDD YOUR GOING TO LIKE IT WAYYY MORE THAN KING  I PROMISEE!!!!! =]]] I LOVE YOU <3333
when is ur birthday?
Hi new friend! I like your personality.super cool:) Yeah I forgot it is like 9 am there..that sucks!
covers by my favorite guy ever.
dude it seems like everyone hates you. you should just delete all your socialing sites. (:
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
who diz?
You kidding  I bloody hate anime  and I liked Bleach.
btw i saw your gift last night. You are going to freak out.
gahaha. xD i will whip your ass. lmfaoo.
not at the time
you have officially been put on my bread stick mailing list. Fuck those rock republics and eat something already.
okay
PETA is an ass in the article  D. Big time.
damn! Ok look  make the stripper pole look like a knitting needle and impale a stripper granny on it. That's the only way.
Go back to your pork fat radio!
OMG! cute emo cow! that would be acceptable! and the cow wouldn't mind the blood drinking...
Thee comp? or cellfonne! hehe
sucks 2 b washed up.. gangstas paradise was the shit
jizz in my pants is old news nigga. Keep up LOL. instead of doing it locally just come over early and do it here. Fuck local shit
yes. i dont eat them. haha
:) if she is a dumb hoe why'd he put his cock in her?
Hands.
omg :/ sucks to be u. hope u got some good tunes going makes it more delightful to sit through.
basically we agreed that you/ are awesome/bad ass. Not gonna lie  i brought you up! ;)
Fkkin Bicthes Needa Get A Life Hatinqq Because You Got Boobies And They Dont JEALOUS HOES! (: Your Amazin Sister  !(: I Love Yopu <3 FKK HATERS :DD
Damn Jim idk what to say:/ Sorry man.
A pussy on my cock on my pussy  if you wanna take it further. ;)
What body part do you wash first?
that sucks! no wait  that's cool! umm. no.. that sucks! but it's cool! sucks! cool! sucks! cool! sucks! cool!  ...........
o ish im on dat but iStick yew lick
  MMS from Naples to home  had the entire family in tow. Got stuck overnight in Detroit airport.  Hate that place now.
as much as I hate the winter  those pics are beautiful. We've had insane-o storms like that in MO. Sucks so bad  esp sans power
?mm
wat a fag....
YHUUU READY TO GET YHUR A$$ BEat THIS SATuRDAYY?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!!!??!?!????!?!?!?!?!?!!??!!??!!??!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!???!?!?!?!??!?!?!?
u better answer the damn phone
yeah those darn gay alarms at CVS.....
alexis....i've had the biggest crush on you for awhile!  i don't go on here a lot.  but please message me on www.findersingle.com under the username wishfulthinker.  please don't get all weird.  =)
Do you collect people in jars? If so what type of people and why? If you wont put bodies in jar's how else do you intend on disposing of you're victims bodies? Ask a question back? :)
try finding a place open to get an Italian beef and it's my birthday! This sucks ass
Hi tabi how's life
ironic  I normally hate plastic 4 environmental reasons- this time  it actually saved some of the patterns from the wet grass
everything but you. Everything but you sucks.
You're quite right. I withdraw my aggressive commenting. Fuck-ton should be more widely used.
*throws all 52 dollars in my pocket at you* Let me hit the MAC. Ill be RIGHT back. Hold that pose *forgets pin number* FUCK!
Oh  conservation you mean! That is a good point.  I admire many socialists but hate their ideals socialism brings with it.
You bash Nickelback  but you listen to Staind? WTF?! I hate both  btw.
fuck yes
You're a pig  you have a curly tail  for crying out loud!!! And you dare laugh at mine???
wow that is damn ridiculous.  I think i will be crossing off dubai for places to visit.
awhhh thank you jordy.. :)
i hate u like miniature dogs hate people dressing them in t-shirts and little booties.
Do you have dreams about becoming famous?:
OMFG. I JUST FIGURED OUT THAT  @SHIT. AND MY FIRM'S IT GUY TRIED TO GET ME INTO CHUCK. IT'S REALLY NERD-O.
omg :/ sucks to be u. hope u got some good tunes going makes it more delightful to sit through.
She also stood on her chair and screamed  Don't pick the fat chicks from Danvers  when he was bringing someone up on stage.
dropped off some old 3.5  floppies. A System Disk and Mac Paint.  Retro Mac crap kicks ass!  Photo: 
Damn right.
I've been getting a lot of that Which sucks  cause I really need a job.I did get a random check from an old job for 100$ today though
i dgaf
Merry fucking Xmas to you too!
your mom sucks  BITACH!
Don't have one really i guess
wow you must be payed out the ass im in thw rong bizness hahahahaha
and biggest. That would be a bad-ass name too. At least his middle name.
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
how did you spend your 2 weeks time with out formspring?
That sucks. I went to bed before the New Year even began.lol
I NEED A DAMN IRONMAN IM GONNA CRY!!!!
it back safely...misssed this damn weather.  I think it may be too cold to go on my date  yo...
stalkerrrr
That's my baby rightt thhere!(; haha but nah
Are you gonna watch the world cup?
lol penelope died?? thats so depressive  i have a compaq it sucks  i dont have a name for my computer tho  
gotta take for something else they dont have or want
there was no fucking egg nog at the store i got a low fat chocolate milk fuck this bullshit
favorite song
Well  you can send me two and get fat on the rest :)
c'mere and fuck me already... I need it
IDKKK!!!GOD?! Not understndin this  srry its like 3am hah
i feel fucking great get me another drink
What was your favorite toy to play with as a child?
when is Kick Ass #5 gonna hit shelves?
haha cunt.
nothing. my boo is studying and im FSing :D
or maybe go see bolt tonight? or both? don't know if you're busy for white whale stuff... but it's my bday. let's celebrate
there is a man who walks his p-b-pig in the domain wonder if they are related
Now THAT's an adventure that I will pass on. Oh damn  I do have to take a present back. NO!!
wen eva ya ready
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #socialmedia because... Shes damn good at everything to do with Social Media.
you are a twitter/last.fm whore! :P
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
Hello(;
Lol why do you do this?! I hate your guts :-p
Weird you say that. My boyfriend says that all the time. Im his angel in disguise haha. Idk thou sometimes..angels are perfection and im far from that..
What would your perfect day look like?
NOOO EP!!!! That really sucks! You should hve jst waited in the car...lol!!! Hopefully it;s dark in there  no one looks dow ...
WHO DOESNT!!(:
hippies hate that stuff... too chemical-y. This is true when used in ENORMOUS amounts.
Why do people get smart attitudes for no reason?
fuck em then! heh
damn you got those up fast! good deal. thanks for the props
ha yes the $$ part would definitely be a big help! Don't you hate that?!
No- shopping isn't what sucks! It's the crowds that cause the trouble. haha! Love your website btw!!
  fuck yes to both of you.  3
are you the person you want to be?
 Drama  is just a catch-all word for  things I hate about other women  which they probably all hate about me too 
If you had to choose between a millions bucks and being able to fly  which would you choose?
ha! Go fuck a chickhen!
Umm its not really your business  maybe if i knew who you were i could tell you...
oh god um um um um maybe london =] i dont no somewhere where there is alot of clothes =] =] =]
Who would make a better spy...a woman or a man?
I don't mind using the exclamation point. It's the overuse  I hate. I have some teacher friends using 3-4 after every sentence!
u know it was over $1200 2 get that bar replaced. George is gonna take that outta thier ass LOL
Sorry  that was my loser speech pathologist swallowing therapy strategies coming out  LOL.
:(
cuz montana sucks?
If a cannible was on death row could he ask for the last guy that was electricuted for his last meal?
Hey
you're a nerd fail
Yess :)
fucking stupid chat people are fucking idiots! Read what I said so I don't have to repeat myself five fucking times!
usually during the week everyday. but on the weekends Im with timmy so not too often ;)
lol...i disagree...Dick in a Box got too built up for me. It's funnier now...but it wasn't when I saw it. :-( jiz in my pants rocks!
Thanks :)
What do you do all day?
Wow  that sucks. Is that even legal?
suck my cock  bitch. i am allowed to be scared of whatever i want. *z snap*
Or  he's just sick of hearing me bitch about the cold and doesn't know what else to get me. I like your theory better  lol.
I had no clue...Damn  Homie!!!
I'M THE JUGGERNAUT  BITCH!
thank you :)
yes and it got all swollen and red and blahhh lol
you're a fat bitch? I think you just called yourself one. Lmao... Well if you wanna out yourself in that category... Ha ha
yikes. That sucks. Sorry to hear that.
You feel kind of stupid doing it  but it worked wonders for my timing. The kids hate that I'm beating them on that one.
damn  won't be going to that.
I love Fat Louie too. I love his pillow and his crown he wore and sat on during the plane ride  what a great actor Fat Louie is.
oh  I agree. the only soup that's a pain in the ass is gumbo :-)
thanks! this is the only thing that sucks about tourns.. playing 3 long grinding session for nothing.
Yeah I hate when people try to tell me what I NEED to do on MY website.
I guess everything's alright but I hate this still.
hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up 3333 ya
All those people who hate Hillary are the same ones who voted for her husband and loved her before Obama.  Just seems strange.
hehe not easy to get a big ass alarm clock!
Wendy's  Oriental Chicken Salad w/ grilled chicken.  Way good.  I think it's 20 grams of fat just in the dressing  tho! Argh.
fuck yeah!!
Noooo.
sorry im jus sick of the bullshit  i jus freestyle spoke dino  fuck off lol
shake your ass  show me what youre working with
Oh wow! How do i know you? :)
Seriously! 'Oh Great  a giant American flag! WTF are we supposed to do with it? Fuck it  send it to Price is Right'
thats why I hate megavideo.  I'll see if I can get someone to update the episodes with an offshore video hoster.
He can't hear you  his head's too far up his own ass.
Well idk who youu are  So ..hha im afraid of strangerrrs.
I'm the total opposite. I rather gift bag  they can be reused! lol Hate to see the pretty wrapping paper being thrown away. :P
usually
How do you feel when you have a hunch someone's not paying attention to what you have to say?
You hate France? Are you there now? Why? Is it French boy?
I think Xentury is thinking of a prank to pull on me  what shall I do?
the fuck shit is this? people died for less. lol
LEADER <3
Do you cry often or keep it inside?
haha NATALIE WAZAP  ahhh damn i hav to go...my sis is forcing me off with a cane...ok not really but gtg luvya3
go fuck yourself.
I just entered Ms. Single Mamas Kick Ass Christmas Contest  you can too 
DAMN IT EDDIE!
Hey you! Yeah  it sucks down here  eh? Not sure about downtown PDX but Gresham/Troutdale is hellish. 21  o' snow here in Sandy :(
Lykee OhhEmmGee  Hiii Mikey 
Do you eat jello when you are sick?
The FA50 is a low key ultra here in ATL. It stands for Fat Ass 50K. Loop course  so you could do 25K...Half Ass.
So baby don't worryr You are my onlyr You won't be lonelyr Even if the sky is falling downr You'll be my onlyr No need to worryr Baby are you down? r Down  downr Baby are you down? r Down  downr Even if the sky is falling down
Reminds me of this Turkish guy I went to school with. A-hole. Everyone thought it was cultural. It wasn't. He was just a dick.
how do you no that??
heh! ping me if you do come down to gay paris. We can interview eachother on the red carpet :)
Sunshine. Lots of food and hanging with my boyfriend and family :]r Awesomeness.
What colour are you nails right now?
i hope not Tara! sucks someone would do that.
Hopefully  I'll be able to get the damn things on- he's ferocious when cornered  hungry  or just feeling rascally...
You'd god damn well better be an Engineer. all I'm saying.
Damn Girl! Aww  that'll be cake at the rate YOU are chalking them up. Nice seasonal pic and awesome tweets btw.
Why u so perfect!? ;)
too late  I am skipping town bitch! (gets on express train)
YES!! she'll call me and be like get your ass out of bed and then she'll name a list of bs for me to do
i hate hate hate being snowed in! (how's that for a sum up?)
  man..... fuck the lakers
What's your earliest memory?
I cry  but then I'm just like that fucking woman is a bitch. God I hate her!!! (Yolanda) I'm getting mad just thinking lol
and kayleigh would NOT go to her damned room. i'm exhausted and she's fucking around.
If one song were to describe your life  what song would it be?
chillinqq yew?
I've been drinking orange juice  water  eating crackers...my body just hates me. doesn't help my immune system sucks.
Ok  you figured me out. DAMN!
Pretty sure it's CO2 and H2O produces sugar  but damn that was a long time ago
OKAY... HE'S GAY ;)
I couldn't agree more.  And if I didn't feel like such a loser I would say I win for understanding!
Yahoo! Sports (I know...) mentioned Sergio  Travis for Hak  Conley  Crittenton. Damn  Jerryd still might not get PT then...
I hear you can cook your ASS off!!! =)
what do you cook best?
r u in love with someone anonymously?
LMAO!   ur new pet...I thought u sent me a pic of a big ass butterfly...lol!
I think ur not pretty. Sorry.
I have three pairs on!! having low blood sugar sucks :(
Hahaha wht are u tlkn bout girl!
oh! I saw the ex earlier. Asked if I  fancied a fuck  before he left the hospital. I politely declined.
damn  prolly not! Now  I wanna know! LOL
And by no one I assume you are including me...damn.
I have both now. iPhone camera sucks as well as lack of other things  but email  twitter and apps are good. Big screen is nice.
call me? haha jks but sero iim so bored...............r u a pedo?
no prob  but watch out  it's fucking addictive!
that song is so emo to me
wheres my laptop slut!
I think you just answered your own question there. But yes  I did look like a retard.
Do you believe in ghosts?
really its black if u see it the scientific way how interesting lol
What a fab site! I didn't see the cozy *snort* but I want the mermaid gloves! Damn I wish I'd paid attention to my Nana... xxx ooo
I've owned all Metal Gears(luv 'em)  own LittleBigPlanet (like it).But hate crossovers- esp. from incompatible game fictions.
Text me?
thankyou :)
well that sux donkey dick. No interwebs is kinda a pain for ur work.
when ever you go to google translate  DONT USE IT!!! trust me....
in your opinion  what is the best thing about being a nurse?
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ. Pick one...
Give me the names of 3 objects or things you love most and why?
sorry i missed you   Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy  I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
i was jus on this bitch like 4 hours ago before i was to go to sleep...fucking body clock!
brown
Fuck you
what's up? how's timmy and you? haha
dad.
Gay!
What was your favorite birthday gift?
you damn betcha
damn bossman  let find out u got 2 jobs. what are u  a single parent or somethin'?
we talked four days ago!!!! emo cowboy fan :)
twinface it's ATCQ...your drunk ass can't type lol
Have you broken any bones?  If so  how?
It sucks!!! My kitty (adopted alley cat) only knows how to potty outside  so I was freezing my arse off trying to get it in. LOL
My life can only be perfect if ___________.
paaaaaaaarrrtttyyyy!!!!!!!! wait no... fuck it.... move over I'M MOVING IN!!!! HAHA!
Why would gay marriage  change the basic structures  of your family life? It neither picks your pocket  not breaks your leg
u lucky whore!!!!!
Do you sing in the car?
I think it was horrible and people forget that things like that have happened! It happened for reasons unbelievable but im sure its because the kid wanted attention and was just acting out in an insane way. Its hard to know why it really happened.
spanish
y0 d!(K !Z b33FY
wee.. we are in the same field =) so you mean you haven't start college yet?
damn your evil 60 minute IPA beckoning me from the fridge right now...
What is your guilty pleasure Disney movie?
It's a bitch and a half  but worth it.
haha ugh this sucks :(
that's awesome! you're pretty damn good!
uhm (:
I'm sorry that you and your idiot friends insist on persisting in your senile  psychotic rants. Truly u r a bitch.
you know fuck it I'm doing  Jew-Boy money 
broke freezing my ass off with -1 temps  ice lol.  Ross
lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
I've asked him for a sentence about him for ages :-) The whole about section on .org sucks and needs a refresh
Hey bitch don't get mad at people who write on here cause YOU ask people to write to you.
thanksssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
have you ever done anything illegal? and if so what was it?
YUH AREEE!!!<3
last nights Top Gear had V8 powered rocking chair  Fail. And Jeremy is gay.
I know where ur coming from. I almost thank god the battery life kinda sucks on smart phones for that very reason:)
the fuck is that?
He can be a nice guy  but he is such a dick when it comes to fabsubbing that it is ridiculous.
favorite color?
goddamn it kj...fuck you 29 times 
Well that sucks.
oh ratz  I hate that. It's on Gizmodo 
How many silly bands do you own? :]
did you see Mike Huckabee on Daily Show earlier this week? It got pretty intense with gay marriage topic.
Naah (;
i loved it  i laughed my ass off
...go absolutely insane.hate to be the bearer of bad news..LoL..dont shoot the messenger (cause we all know you bought that pistol
okay  not more. But equally.  I'd welcome a Moby Dick shooter  if it doesn't have a lot of cut scenes...
HATE THAT...happened to me today i was like...YOUR WELCOME *cut eye* and walked back out lol
yes. my sis usually
eddie izzard says the brits pronounce  herb  with the h  because there's a fucking h in it. 
PowerPoint sucks; even good shows that take tens and tens of hours can't compete with Key Note!
I just purged 3 bags via Kijiji. Feels damn good.. :)
  I always hated when people bought practical things like carpet or knife set. BUY THE FUCKING DALMATIAN PEOPLE!
lmmfao! Shuddup! Any grown ass man that let's other grownass men call him Timmy is gaaaaay!
Fat Tire. Steak Taquitos. RocketTransfer.com. AJ's on Court in DSM.
Lolol well i hate u. K thx 3
yes
fuck you  dude. it is more than amazing.
this sucks ass!
FUCK I'M FOLLOWING HIM NOW STFU haha
lol
the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl (man  I hate corporate sponsorship in sports). Shit. I wonder if I could get work to fly me to Arizona?
because i'm a dumb ass.
Do you regularly watch the news?
What is your height in ft/in  centimeters or whatever standard of measure you like :]
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #business because he is a bad ass who says it likes he means it.
nope.
Eat twat   you twitter whore.
Heh  his name's Jeremy (stupid little nerd  but he's up for any challenge.) And he's about to break  anyway.
I hate those backgrounds because you can't click on any of those listed links. I find it frustrating.
You don't even know that half  trust me sallie mae is the one bitch I wish I could divorce right now
idk haha
Curbed sucks! Scrubs is the greatest show ever created
I guess that song represents Bono's  dark  period. Fuck saving them. Be happy with your wealth.
What are your parents like?
Does your school have dry erase board or chalk boards?
Yup yup!!:P
I was able to view  Windows --  IE is NOT the most recent  can't remember the damn #'s
A picture of me and timothy when we went on a Riverboat cruise and dinner. It was soo romantic :)  I love that picture!
am deleting all that bell-end Pineapples comments  so he keeps posting more. Cunt.
You ruin fucking everything.
that sucks :-(
unfortunately i do =( it sucks!  i have my  2 last finals 2mrrw bc we had a snow day that other friday. i dont wanna go back!
Yeah  I was teasing Dad  he got a new snow blower  and I said as much as I hate rain  I don't have to shovel it  get home and SNOW!!
Bra ;)
your beautiful  and it seems like all the rude comments you get  is all from one person. dont listen to them everyone knows you are the sweetest girl ever and cold never be mean
oh that shit is funny. the best video that dude has made. Better than dick in a box.
yuck... that is going to take a long ass time...
--- each confit will make the fat saltier (it's already pretty salty)  and when it gets too salty I'm deep frying with it.
why do you sleep so damn late? haha
What shall we call this gang? Initiation rights must begin with downing a Fail Whale.
and I HATE longview Cable I would rather have sat data before I to them
who did you last go out with? cameren loomen?
less drugz mo sleep bitch!
I flat hate when things get  silly  like this AND it's all of a $16 000 sale on top of it. A time eater that's for sure...
i like yur bg
my heart/
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #entertainment because he's emo.
Ello (:
Yeah  she did this huge ass rant to me about how i'm going to die alone and how i'm going to regret ever breaking up with her.
yo why u always tweetin' about boy problems ?? Fuck nikkas  get money  stay focused son!!! I know you a Hustla  Hard worker!!
yeah... it sucks...
one of my classmates raised (tacitly) the same comparison. it doesn't make a damn bit of sense.
I am SO sorry for you...wait..what am I saying? Mine is going to be home for 2 weeks TOO! OH DAMN! Teela can keep him busy!
not to sound amazingly  astoundingly gay (not that that's bad) but you sound like a man in desperate need of a few pillow shams
you'll get through it and win in the end. FUCK THAT SHIT IN THE FACE (as ange sez)!
Would you rather own a luxury yacht or a private jet?
wow  mommy's little cheerleader! *must... not... take... the...piss......*
ummmm jack screw you  not my fault people get mad about a stupid state. and also its a inside joke so every one is lame.
Neat. Damn PS3. Maybe I can convince mom that dad's ps2 needs an upgrade for Xmas.
Damn straight I am!  I want to be 50ft!  I also want to play Barbarella.  I'd be much better than Rose McGowan.
i think the death jokes are worse.
um...wow...tough one... Maybe  two or three people? (and even then  it better be for a damn good reason...;))
I hate games like this. All these people shouldn't be going down.
Bitch  you wish. Keep dreamin... =]
booooooo! i have some hot- ass mushroom stock if you wanna come get it after work
The Angel Of Death has descended upon you. Fortunately  the Angel Of Death is pretty cool and in a good mood  and it offers you a half-hour to do whatever you want before you bite it. Whatcha gonna do in that half-hour?
my Prius has a 10 gallon tank.. must kick ass to live there right now.
not grandparents..
i hate paying bills period lol ;p
both husband and dad HATE football  my mom and I love it  my husband said  its a girl thing  last thanksgiving lol
Fuck yes I do!
Your John Mayer  My Jacks Mannequin. Andrew McMahon is my LIFE SUPPORT. Not to sound emo or anything ahaha
lmao loser that was under nda...
Damn dude -- they're all short sleeve shirts! Wanted to order a long-sleeve ringer. It's winter man! Any chance of adding?
Love You  Man  Not in Gay Way or Anything :)
wait a minute  you tellin me after I smoke I contain heavy metal on my clothes?? Fuck yeah man! 
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #design because...he designed the fail whale :-)
Since you asked me so many questions I figured I'd ask you one...Favorite song  favorite movie  favorite place to visit
yupz yupz
nerd. Lol. It was yummy. But its not bread. Cake :)
sucks man. tire* sorry spelling/grammar freak. yeah it's fantastic. wore me out though.
How would you fancy being Jeff's resident bitch? Just his pet  he can take you out for walk and stuff. Straighten your hair...
Dread leads to hate  hate leads to suffering and suffering leads to the RAGE!
I show yuh a hot azz tym. I kan doezz ne thang u want
I am going to finish answering questiosn then I am off to pack my stuff to leave. Please leave me things? Thank you.
Do you think that questioning things is healthy?
lets just hope i dont kick any ass. im in a violent mood.
I will super hero my ass out there and blow the tire up myself!!!
I know  I hate that! It'd be one thing if Apple TV wasn't just a  hobby   but it is  shouldn't we all get us some HD content?
Life(: haha!! umm idk thats hard!
a fat boy sweet talker?
Do you lick dick?
OMG bundesliga and brasilian bossanova. This was worse than seeing your loved family dog licking his ass. I'm scarred
No God no. Fuck no. Fucking fuck god no.
I LOVE how that statement was misconstrued as GAY!!!!
we need his ass.  And A.J. We need even more!
I hate that I couldn't guess MJ  that songs an obvious classic. Guess I need to take some time and listen to the 70s groove.
ooops that message was for your ass! LMAO!
Do you think demons are real?
what did you do last night?
You forgot the  magic  word:  Ahem  allow me...  Please  fuck you...  There now.
your code sucks! ;D
damn those long islands were good :)
unfortunately i do =( it sucks!  i have my  2 last finals 2mrrw bc we had a snow day that other friday. i dont wanna go back!
mega pig out foodie session for you today!
i dont care if its him or his ppl ... i care if its authorized or a poser squatting
yeah it sucks i know  she was one spankin hot mofo
Fav Fantisey ?? Doesn't have to be Sexual   do you want to rich or famous or just live on a deserted Island ?? Anything
THATS SOUNDS SO GOOD!!!!! FUCK!!!!!
Tell them you want YouTube to quit fucking with things that no one wants fucked with.
Oh thats wht i think too! dnt be sorry hahaha! Silly goose
ur right.......just managed to lock my phone and the fucking phone now asking me PUK code:(
except now they have his crazy ass son to deal with  probably.
which year was your favoroute school year... i know its not this year cause you had taylor in your class!but it still could be this year...
I would pull the  I'm suing your ass 
yeah dat bitch stabbed me in my eye when I was trying to hit the snooze buttone this morning
Appo is gonna copy that damn thingy to a DVD and gonna drop it tonight. I'll call ya once it's here. come by
something to make me money.....like lots of money.
Looked at pasteninja and think it's great. You should use Pig Latin for your translation test. Set browser to  la  for testing. :-)
I'd like to get a signed copy of 'Running Like a Fat Bastard'. Pleez. Only this will complete my fitness lit collection.
can u name an animal that is orange?
will you blow me now?
damn  that sux
I would have done it by now tbh. I have no words except just WHAT THE SHITTING FUCK ARE THEY THINKING!
That's a damn shame  because they don't do veggie burgers. :)
I don't  but when i was little  sweet and sour sauce from mickey d's :] hahahha
I have no clue what I've stumbled upon  but I laughed my ass off... you might too: 
LMAO. I was very confused. What a bitch she is.
Woot woot got a mytouch today lol just thought id share that with yall
what a loser. Yeah we're at victoria's house. Stupid victoria made us miss the ball dropping  changed the ch at the last sec.
i need a job hahaha
Fuck the pics!   WE WANT VIDS!!
i kept thinking u would be here at like 5 :( damn sorry dude. well man be careful and ill def try to see ya around new years.
Damn!  I better get busy  I only have 29 updates.
i just fucking beat you!
nah bro  not yet...hopefully soon though :)
Have you ever gotten fired from a job?
Do you play any sports?
thats annoying
pissed off? I'm ready to go Mumbai on their fucking asses. We're too soft. We need to start blowing shit up.
Did you add a contact with swear words? Does that make it so it doesn't autocorrect  fucking  to  ducking? 
NO NO NO NO NO I HATE YOU.
Ugh  that frickin' sucks. :(
God.
Relax... I'm not trying to 'convince' you of anything. It's just that we all prefer files that have been subbed in *.ass  done well
   I hate calculus... :(
fucking awesome  I need to play that again
Damn girl ... Your house was dirty.
And boycott that fucking bar if they don't carry it!
GoW2 is really your game of the year? Damn.. Mine is Left 4 Dead without a doubt.
I miss being here...wish they had corporations here instead of a damn AQUARIUM! I miss Jimmies hotdogs...that dog food be JUMPIN! LOL
fuck! is this guy the new jesus? i just don't get it.
 I hear what you sayin gurl but you mean to tell me you caint have friends??  *insert piss poor false sincerity here*
the way i want to lol :]
You coming to work today  E? I know it's Gay Day and all. I wasn't sure if you were gay or just running late.
Ew :( That sucks! I'm sorry.
fuck off
in the lab...all damn day  i had soooo much work to do:(
If you could change some things about Cincinnati  to make it better  what would you do?
hahah do u kno how mannnyyy ppl have asked me if i was going out with u? haha
hmmm ...should i answer this question? ha. Hacker!! jk.
lawl. Sucks to be THEM  then.
damn kid...condolences homie 
wow that really sucks. LOL.
Name everyone that made you smile this week
Damn Jim idk what to say:/ Sorry man.
hahahahahhaha ikr. :) but D: im not even talking to him hahahahahaahahahaha
I get the Twitter 'fail whale' on days when my broadband strength is low.  More to do with connection I think than capactiy.
yeah u are!! Asian ass  embrace it
way to not text me back DICK. :P
I cant leave yet and i had to pee but there was water all over and i didnt want wet socks cause i hate that. Lol
Sun or Snow?
Hi! Yea  Hate rolling out in it  but gotta do the do. You doing alright?
lol.. that sucks..it's so nice in miami... catching that ocean breeze from the balcony....don't want to rub it in...lol
LIES! I HATE HIM!
Do you believe in the quote  I'll sleep when im dead''?
I know  I really wanted to go to the show  but I gotta be responsible. I was in class w/all the idiots. I hate them all!
Do you make the jokes or laugh at them?
i am  just so behind now   it sucks.
Would you ever lick a hobo's foot?
Nicoooo! :) okay...welllllll bye :)
shut ur bitch ass up! OBVIOUSLY its not the same but its not like her name is spelt out as Eveyln dumbass.
That's what sucks: I don't actually get to do it. I just had to prove I could plan it out. -KayCee
What annoys you most about living at home with your family?
-.- you're pictures aren't on photonucket.r I just checked.
which keyboard do u hate? I hate iPhone keyboard. Yes touchscreen is cool but I WISH I had actual buttons 2 push! Less typo's
You're still alive? Well  damn  I just lost a bet.
  fuck yes to both of you.  3
kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
ew u slut get on skype 333333
ah sucks  maybe Redcliffe then  I guess it depends on what time I get up tomorrow haha
Do you prefer Scary movies or comedy movies?
that sucks big time.
i never said i liked pryce.
Who do you like? =)
The beach is fucking shit  you're my daddy  and soccer is for faggots.
i had eyeliner on once but it kept smearing cause i'd fuck with it too much
 <-- follow thee link !! lol
Have you seen Bitch magazine's article about twilight? about  absitence porn  
NO. You're in BATH. You worked your ASS off for this. You're coming home to GREAT THINGS. Have FUN FUN FUN. NOW.
...If you want to go back to Idaho so bad why dont you??? ... Texas doesnt want you here anymore than you want to be soo .. just leave!!!
epic fail meaning it sucks? Hopefully
What would be the worst disease to have?
im out troll but dont worry the hate continues fuk face
what is the thing that annoyes you most???
Fuck yeah. I noticed that too.
God Ashley is a bitch  but still  congrats! :)
it's so depressing.  I HATE valentines anyway. What is the equivalent 'Bah Humbug' to valentines?
This bad gay works for a company that likes to write people up for sneezing.
that was gonna be the first hint but i guess i knew it was too obvious
i am  just so behind now   it sucks.
would you give a Homeless Person Money or food ??
burritoville is dead? What the fuck?!
how many boyfriends have you had? :)
Go look at my profile....it's the sixth one down. Do I need to come over and bogart the sticky stuff from your ass?
 Latest video kicked ass.  It's nice to know that some people know they have to put effort into listening. :)
Your John Mayer  My Jacks Mannequin. Andrew McMahon is my LIFE SUPPORT. Not to sound emo or anything ahaha
no fucking crazy josh!!!!
can only handle so much pussy control...and the doves make me cry
LMAO!! I aint gonna front  shit did look kinda moist! Ol Duncan Hines Ass!!! LOL!!
yeah we do... damn this time difference *HUGS*
Do you realize your comment on parents dying comes off as a tad insensitive? like a  sucks to be you  comment
Yeah  me too.  If this damn twitter wasn't around  I'd be much more productive.
because i'm a dumb ass.
Do you fall asleep during the day and cannot sleep at night?
Do you have a cellphone or iPod with a patterened cover?
my leg sucks.. I can't frickin' walk and mom is screaming at me to go all the way fopr tution even though maam said ok 
You won't miss much.  Her husband is cheating  she's pregnant  he's an ax murderer  her son is gay. That's pretty much the soaps
damn now i want some au gratin!
:D touche! rockstars   rockstartups. hehe best of luck wit the 2 boys throwing ideas.damn wish i was there! :(
awwwwz poor little emo girl
UNNNGGGG if he used that fucking word i'm never saying Epic Fail ever again..ooo i'd like to give him a sock in th..NEVERMIND!!
what nashionality are you?
O.O bingo is waaaaay to hard for me. hate it. i wanna fuck it..wait thats didnt come out right
Shia LaBeuaf is dead to the world. He's probably not making any movies because he sucks.
HEY. No  fuck beans.   It's Friday. Get your party pants on  dude.
ham stands 4 hot ass mess
I had to listen to my parents. Not listening wasn't an option but once I got older and moved out now i take their advice with a grain of salt and do what i want :)
well clearly the shoe purchase is more impressive  because ITS A FUCKING SHOE!!!
think the phrase 'couldn't hit a pig's arse with a banjo' fitted somehow. But hey I've had a go  can scythe instead mind!)
That's...so gay it's painful.
Whats yo fav position
Ooh  a fat girl's fantasy! Cake AND HellRaiser's trouser snake. FUCK!  Sensory OVERLOAD **spontaneously combusts**
favorite song
Damn. You really *are* the Craft Mafia now.
I personally really enjoy watching people look at money. They have NO FUCKING IDEA how worthless it is  it's hilarious!!! LOLZ
Which is better yogurt or pudding? What's your favorite flavor?
Are you a private person or do you openly share your life with people around you?
hey do you have a hairy ass i would love to put my tounge deep in you
you might have just made a discovery in cosmetics! Use dark energy to destroy fat!
DEAD ASS?!?!?!?!?!
if i had to no them kayla......if i didnt.......andy clemmensen haha.
not legally.
you order pizza that much they have you on speed dial. damn.
yes I do :) its calming haha
okay. my page is not for you to be anonymous on :]
What is a act of kindness you have recently done?
Listen  RayRay  I gave you the lowdown as soon as I got it. I hadn't heard it b4 and I was shocked. She seems to hate his guts.
lol! hey  stop being modest.  you OFTEN are a hot bitch.  :)
DM. damn.
dont be silly  wrap ur willy! lol
hahahaahha i  know  myspace.com/tabiisaninja
ducking ducking ducking. Stupid ass autocorrect
favorite song
by a str8 terms technically no penetration means you still have ur vcard but in gay terms she isn't a virgin. sex is sex
I mean you hate it but you bought it  doesn't that speak for itself
What character from a movie most reminds you of yourself?
you ass. Yay Walmart!
oh wow  that really sucks. :/
go kick that owner's ass.
why the hell your customer tried talking shit too me! I should to just push his ass tha ground! Fuck excuse me!
nasty ass bishes
checked out the link. Holy ass...i think that fairy had seen that vid a million times cuz he was damn close! LOL
ahah! and i'll say exactly what i'd say to him:  bitch make your own!  i kid:P
in my head :]
Stop it with that damn song
The pig of shame? Lol! Is that like the aardvark of discontent?
damn! Putting my chocolate cake to shame.
absolutely. i think speedy WANTS us to do homework...massive tons of homework.dang it! i hate this semester's finals!!
eeeeew  I wanna cum ;)
There is a theory that it eliminates neck fat through circulation. Started doing in high school. LOL. It worked! Avid tapper!
ripping off Emo Phillips + ba-dum-bum jokes wouldn't get my vote even if i was the web-voter type.
np you are happy with the service? do you have anything to compare to? I hate 3 not working out of cities. and whirlpool likes exe
gotta hate that shit
Kick ass!
Would you rather be a famous musician or a famous actor?
noo
fat.
Elephants have very good memories. Who realised that and what other brain was it measured against?
damn straight :)
if you actually are a vicious ass koala bear  better to find out now than later. or else you might get confused.
NIGGGAH ISZ YUH CIRCUMSIZED
dropped off some old 3.5  floppies. A System Disk and Mac Paint.  Retro Mac crap kicks ass!  Photo: 
I hate the same thing talked about in 100s of blogs just slightly differently  giving no extra info. Boring.
You don't even know that half  trust me sallie mae is the one bitch I wish I could divorce right now
Okayyyyyy.
Hopefully  I'll be able to get the damn things on- he's ferocious when cornered  hungry  or just feeling rascally...
hey everyone  this is the girl that fakes ta
try finding a place open to get an Italian beef and it's my birthday! This sucks ass
All the players HATE Avery; it's almost funny if he didn't piss me off so much. We won Tuesdays game  but nobody remembers.
that SUCKS.
fuck yo life nigga
That last twit was supposed to be   at you  but I did it wrong. Anyway  I still love you even if you hate Ta-Dah. Srsly.
GOOD! Now u can bring ur happy lil' ass over here  help me finish hanging this garland.  ;-)
damn.. maybe ur next twitmance will be whole ass..
I will kick that pirate's ass if he got married again. Just sayin'
fat guys are immoral  there should be a proposition to keep them from marrying  VOTE YES
 It was not fun
I never really thought about it  but I nearly always eat a big-ass plate of spaghetti and watch Goodfellas on Christmas eve
Umm... we would go to jack-in-the-box! haha
That is bad ass.
when i wanna be haha
How many different kinds of solitaire do you know how to play?
LOL- I know how much u hate traffic- just know it was 10 times worse last night :)
That was an *if* I just hate brushing knots in my hair.Id rather have it polished occassionallyby the airport shoe shine man
Not at all. I like my space  that's for sure. And I hate clingy touchy blahhh ha
oh in that case. WTF  thats some ugly ass shit to do.
I haven't started mine yet and don't know that it's happening. I'm a card freak  though  so probably I will send something.
Does your school have dry erase board or chalk boards?
While searching for leather binders for their Bibles  they use The Joy of Gay Sex as an insert. Handy.
audrey hepburn
I have to edit comments all the time  for some really strange reason I get all this hate mail on my blog WTF LOLZ!!!1!
makes sense and glad that it's shifting (even if geologic).  hate that kind of snobbery.
Hah  wish I could do that. Being a part of  essential operations  sucks :(
Thats a hard 1    *thinkin* Maybe Bustin Jieber? I think! haha
nice voicemail... i didn't enjoy it cuz i am a bitch.
What's your favv waterpark to go to? :]
yes.. a she-wolf in love  is it even possible? Which team do we root for now? I'm a faithless whore  struck by Amor
Aah! I actually hate you!
yea the weather sucks. At least you missed the 8 degree weather though lol.
that's why I throw a hard ice grill at him...no words...get the ticket and get the fuck out cause I've never had luck
you can do video after jailbreak. But still it's not a patch on the n95 camera. I really hate the iPhone cam.No settings at all!
YOU NEVER CALLED ME.
so who do yhu think yhur inlovee wit ??
I have a tray of peeled prickly pears chilled in my fridge  they are damn delicious if you pay someone to remove the pricks.
what will you do f you found out that you are adopted?
Star Wars.
im not sure if i should taunt you with how awesome it is  or say im surprised it took this long to get snow hate twitters
So people are just ignoring me. :-( That sucks big time. LOL. Especially when I thought we were better than that. I see...I see..
Its freaking me out. 1999 wasn't long ago. But 10 years. FUCK.
Nope  I need no ass glass today =)
u r pussy. lulz.
and you called me fat why?
happiness. always.
fuck u asshole we aint even watchin the game shyt we slda goten closer so i cn c betr.how r those cheerleaders 4 ya
I want beach now. Damn.
shira or frances?
y do u have a big nose seriously no girl have a big nose 
Have you ever done one of those win free stuff things?
Ouch.  That sucks!!
Mall i guesss
yepppppppp
damn.  did you buy bitchy too?
pssh i dont know what that person is talking about  you seem awesome to me!
Fuck off naturally as opposed to artificially?
all time? i have no idea. but i love comedy movies so i watch them pretty often
this only makes me hate having a verizon contract even more.  erg.
WOOT!! 8 pounds is AWESOME! YES  you can! 1 pound at a time... I need to get my ass in gear ;)
actually i think that would be Brendon. so we would have rufus_: I hate jackhammers. Brendon: jackhammers??? cupcakes!!!
i know you've got search twitter set up for  smaller ass 
I don't really think much about it honestly. race  ethnicity  differences  color...its all the same meaning to me. :] we're all different.
mussels? or muscles. Damn web-people.
duh! fat fish and winning the lottery go hand in hand
 your design was so un-metal that it was hella-metal.  kim singhs's was bad-ass with the blingee pot leafs and purple pegasus.
i hate how it never snows there... and you live IN CANADA! do you want some of ours? I hate snow.
nah the ass whoopin was serious. But I can see he didn't want me getting too  hooked  at an early age... Oowee too bad
well clearly the shoe purchase is more impressive  because ITS A FUCKING SHOE!!!
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
Yes i knoww! Silly  i could really care less. :)
Name something you bought on your last trip to the store.
okay  i added some people who want sexual spam  i dont do that over mass spam. if you want sexual spam  ask me to spam you individually and i will(: thank you!
Duck tape. It fixes everything.
Damn--and it's in the 50's in upstate NY today!
YOU KNOW IT BITCH. :D
Where's the  Dick  for Richard come from?
I wanna butt fuck you. Cuz im a horny gremlin
You clearly said  Would I have to fuck anyone 
nothing to fuck up. grey hair  grey eyes  palest skin. just change the colors not styles.
She is as dirty as they come  and that crook Rengel  the Dems are so fucking corrupt it's a joke. Make Republicans look like  ...
 See  I had to google   cloved lemon SCA   to figure that out.
Spam me   ill return the favor  
ooh im sorry my non celibate ass mourns for ur celibacy and it sorry demise my condolences 
it sounded a lot like that  actually. Fucking Hagrid.
fail whale?
how did you meet dad BITCH!
Fuck dude  you manage to do this every week!
its prolly you.
Dumb bitch! Fuchkkk you and your stupid friends! Your all pussies! None of you can handle on your own! You always need your friends to get in everything!
Oh and Nebraska blows. Oklahoma sucks and Nebraska blows. That's why Kansas is so windy. Although it sounds very dirty.
...no.
whats the farthest youve been away from your hometown?
do you have any fun summer plans?
That would freak me out  I hope you feel better!
 I can't wait until I'm a high enough level so I can get something other than that damn osterich for my Blood Elf.
very much so!
How well do you handle rejection?
Or watch ghetto ass bitches fight over ghetto ass dudes on Real Chance of Love?
damn it.
damn  you're in DC? Where is Timberlakes?
lisha n jennie
I saw that. what's his name! In so far as the fat bastard  what?!
I wish!.....I'll be over here in Jersey where the snow is falling.....which sucks!
btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
i hate school =(
WOW YOUR A BAD ASS... HAHA
2008 is over? Damn  what'd I miss! I quit keeping track of years after 'Buffy' went of the air...
we gonna make bklyn see what's up! Hell fucking yeah!
  yo...heroes sucks!!! I loved season 1  despised 2 and feel like season 3 is a lousy high school special. BOO HISS BOO!!
was just joking...hate people who act that way
like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
besides Fat Mike i dunno... does Amy Winehouse's refusal to go to rehab count? no no no?
gahhhhhh....I hate them. HATE THEM. They come in on the pipes and through the heating vents to keep warm. BOOOOO.
It is amazing! But  it kinda sucks when it makes you late for work  lol.
so u hate christmas 2?
i wub you Joie(:
i know you got some bama ass shit on your ipod somewhere... some Pastor Troy or something lol.
That's such balls. I wish they would fuck off and leave the BBC alone.
That sucks:)
What do you think about mothers who go out and get trashed? (Personally I think it's irresponsible.)
all that I know of is the Revenge vinyl. u? and sorry for delayed answer  my internet sucks and trips out
I loved the band name: Gay Biker Nuns on Acid  Doesn't exist  but we had a kid in high school convinced it was a punk band.
i want a cat. they use litter boxes instead of the fucking floor. and yes  Natalie Portman is way cuter.
i hope your asswhole gets sniffed by aids
who was ur first kiss
haha ;)so.. have u ever been to france?
Gay!
Do you believe that the guy should pay on the first date?
I snore sometimes so im told  and nahh i lay pretty still when it comes to sleep. I sleep like a log. ha
Texas is the best state(: Everything is bigger AND better in Texas!!! Bahah
What song always makes you happy when you hear it?
For suree boo hit me up tonight  Sikeee!<3
ok I don't care what   says about being PC bc that is SO queer. And ftr  my gay friends would say something worse! ;)
Do you think you could be deployed right now and be okay when you cam back? Regardless or age or sex.
is you? BEAUTIFUL!! ;D 
well u say any language.. so.. coba tebak ini bahasa apa.. kamu ngerti ngga aku ngomong apa? ;)
favorite dish
kicks dons ass. *HUGS*
I'm in love with you
I hate that. Then they have kids of their own and they're all  Why didn't you tell me it was so hard? 
Are most of your dreams realistic (that it feels like it can actually happen in real life) or non realistic (you flying)?
What would you do if you lost your bathing suit while you were swimming?
What is the last film you saw?
damn straight
That wasn't me
no kidding I'd hate to get my Hurricane watered down w snow as I go from bar to bar.
aww that sucks man. you've learned a lesson for your kids... leave'em in the cold or spare key under the poinsetta pot
fuck off and die! Thought I would counteract your enthusiasm.
I don't think Brits are religious enough to care. And I hate the  causes  app. Just a great way to annoy me with shit
lady  i wanna fuck your tumblr.
...........999 a girl?? lol oh god why did u make me so stupid??
so  when he laughs  comes down the chimney  does he say   Whore! Whore! Whore!  and shake like a bowl full of jelly???
got it from you :)
I'm trying to find a fun place to get my baby boys first haircut...minimize the freak out :)
so i said listen cunt.. i hope your year brings prosperity and happiness. and then i got my gun  and blew her brains out.
Putting pants on sucks lol. Ross
We've maybe had 1  total here across 3-4 different  snows  My first time with snow tires ever and I can't have any damn fun!
ahahahaha yer needd yaa phonee<3' ahah  and our parents were like owww yhu stratched me.!
Sorry about the bday thing -- that sucks. :(
lmao naw...dats elementary daysz
that sucks  I know he was looking forward to that hook up...
purple. always
hot ass mess!!!! hahahaha
not really
yeah my son works at Barnes N Nobles...played the mamma mia soundtrack overNover- they all hate it now but sing and dance along!
Wait  you hate hfcs but you drink diet coke?  Head asplode.
it's not of anything  you cant copy in art lol  its based on a lot of things  its just my own... And thats why it sucks lol
heh and then u yell  HOLY SHIT IM FAT 
!M h00000rNyY f0 y  d!(k n!qq   w @n+ y3w t  q0 h  on dH!S v @q!n 
ugh.I've been up all night. Dh snored tossed all night.ur on vacay  y up so damn early?!
lol wats happing its ya lil boi mikey babi lmao
fuck. :( 3
fake doesn't mean you look pretty?
How tall are you
I hate when that happens!
No wonder Outlook sucks...
Not everyday. Usually when I wanna pretty or im going out for something special :)
Totally.  The ass end of my Jeep is not  but no life forms were impacted.
Bitch  you wish. Keep dreamin... =]
why not? and all you have to say is nope. oh and leave people alone(: delete this you fucking fake :)
  I think the thing to note here is that everyone has an emo phrase re: romance in high school and eventually it blows over
U can be a freak and not like girls.
my lungs are fine  but my legs are like  bitch  your ass is heavy !! let's stop  
  damn! No kidding!
your mom/dad hate my monroe :(!!!!
damn 'reply' button ... -.-
I need to see how this ravin rabids game works first. It'd all have to be in the ass moving. Maybe not moving enough  bad oral?
Damn skippy.
I think thanksgiving. No gifts and stress. and tonss of FOOD! :] everyone just getting together to hang out and be with each other  thanking for everything we've all got. :] I love it.
hahahahaha >:) im evil mwahahahahahahahahaha
If spelling things ala Francaise will piss them off  then yes  it should be  mabad.
girlfriend where the fuck did u find that photo! lmao!
Work is turning me into a cuddle whore. I get outta here and just wanna be held.
Would you rather swim in a pool or the ocean?
here's some cock for u 
  hate me for it later  but it's not bad
I'm sick of Tinkerbell. that bitch is making my movie life hell.
not wit CB2009 (Cock Blocker) that's her new rap name. not wit CB2009 on her shit
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
I know its you dina im not dumb.
Have you seen his ugly ass? he IS the phantom. Women wouldnt sleep with him if he didn't woo us with melodies and faux-mance
whats the craziest thing you have EVER done?
K-PAX. Watch it :)
i hate when i miss mac chats! grrr
Stop Calling Tabi Fake Obviously Your The Fake Bitch That Don't Have A Life I Don't Know Tabi But She Seems Like A Nice Person.
I do but I picture the fat guy in the leotard
Wish you could see my parents dancing to the Beyonce Single Ladies video. Dad is flipping his hand saying 'love' 'hate' lmao!
Sucky
how are ya? I hate when my boyfriend hogs mine too  thats why we ordered him one for Christmas :)
  Auto-DMs are the reason I disabled text message from twitter to my phone. What a pain in the ass!
(If it were to save a life) Would you ever give mouth to mouth to a person with Herpes?
Do you remember  Dream On??  Dude got HELLA ass...on accident!!...kinda like I used to...LOL!
aww  that soo sucks D:
there should be pictures of him at fucking otaku's cosplay section
yes i love the pillows  livejournal jrock rotations (get an lj  they're sick) and uhh fuck i dunno  twitter?? just the site
ah damn man! Good Luck!! You can do eeeeit!!!
I dunno  I hate it though.  Someone at work gave me a bottle and I was like =X thanks....
well you go ahead and have fun. i'd better move my ass to study lol. haven't really started yet.
no
do you think gays are more stylish than girls? why or why not?
I feel your pain. Even more I hate activex blockers!
Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
ummm no its anonymous..................haha
ohh damn bummer
haha lifeless cunt stop writing on my wall you shit faced slut
FUCK SUNDAY im super bummed.
that would be nice  too.  because i hate feeling violated every month with no payoff.
Wow you really are persistent
Rockets... damn. makes me wanna turn ne-yo's gay ass off my tv and just sit here.
I can't believe through out our entire friendship you never told me you were fake D:
yeah white women can have his ass..in all seriousness.
hahahahah ummmmmmm thank you? if this is eric  i will kill myself  who is this?????????????????r but hahahhahahahhahahah this made me laugh sooooo hard.
Damn!! I was hoping you were giving me good news otherwise!
that really sucks. I feel sorry for all retail workers over Christmas. I didn't have to do it last year and it was wonderful.
i dont givafuck. ur friendless  previously stated in one of my other comments. except for firey  bitch
No  I HATE those commercials! Just GROSS. *gag* Okay okay  you've got an hour before showtime. hehehe 
Starbucks guy It's ten o clock we are closing  My Mom You're kicking us out
I'm all about peace n positivity  but sometimes you gotta give a little kid an ass whoopin' 
Appo is gonna copy that damn thingy to a DVD and gonna drop it tonight. I'll call ya once it's here. come by
that sucks! Hope they come soon!!
I can damn near listen to his album in it's entirety without skipping..which is a good thing
so you going to be ok when you get your double ass kicking from Paul and I?
there you go denying stuff again. until Maury clears you on TV w/ an  i aint yo daddy test   your ass is suspect.
haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
that sucks loxy. I wish there was smtg I could do! Is chury back in cgy as well?
I'm up too! whoopee fuck! not hung over AT ALL!
I'm up too! whoopee fuck! not hung over AT ALL!
If you had to throw away either your TV or your computer  which would you choose?
would you ever hire a hitman?
Isn't any way you file taxes the gay way?
Have you been caught swearing by a teacher?
Damn me and my  purty  mouth!  Why couldn't I have been born with an ugly one!
Nope.  Don't know.  My voice sucks either way.
what is something from your past that you wish you still did? that you are glad you stopped doing?
Fucking tell me about it... So much for protecting the investors eh?
Awesome...Love it or Hate it...An Atmospher of Change...is HERE
sucks to be you
damn work fire wall. can't go to myspace. :(
mussels? or muscles. Damn web-people.
have a safe flight.....damn now you make me want some jamba juice
man i'm jealous of your day! i'm also hooked on twitter. damn arv. like i needed another procrastinating tool like this.
no one likes every fat snack u do bitch! so shaddup ahahahahaha
are u a virgin? how old are you?
Fake ass Left Eye.
ohlala dago ktny tmpt nongkrong gay :D
have you ever thought of doing or getting something in a place (house  room  bathroom etc)but when you got there  you suddenly forget what you have to do/get?
Have you ever been to those cyber cafes to use the internet? How much they charge per hour? I did a long time ago  its 3 dollar an hour!!!
if gov is going to make it  uncomfortable  to be fat  expect it will work  shouldn't they also make it uncomfortable to be poor? #tcot
Shakespeare nerd!
ever tried an ouija board?
Maybe  I would have to stare at your face for awhile while I do it  that would be gay..and weird...and creepy...sort of
lets just hope i dont kick any ass. im in a violent mood.
grrr I hate that. I have an ex-friend who only gets in touch when they have something great to tell me about themselves... o_0
typical. jeans and a cute blousee
I love New HAmpshire well the white Mounts.I'm from Maine and I know I hate cold also hence why I moved to Fla.
ahahahaha yer needd yaa phonee<3' ahah  and our parents were like owww yhu stratched me.!
basically we agreed that you/ are awesome/bad ass. Not gonna lie  i brought you up! ;)
Jac...bahahaha
happiness. always.
its not hate on government  its hate on our existing government.
No school for me
am deleting all that bell-end Pineapples comments  so he keeps posting more. Cunt.
Damn.  That is a beautiful car.
The job sitch sucks. My husband's a carpenter. Who do you think is building in this economy? NOBODY.
What's your number?
nahhh
I like to think so. :/
:-)  My line in the sand: watching shows on my computer screen. HATE it. w/42 inch plasma  groovy sound  you can never go back.
Nope.
no i dont! He does. I hate his guts!!!
Al Gore can kiss my REC credits' ass:   :-) I actually offset our whole bill
Wait. Are you Cheyenne? I sent a request to you? Wait  why is your name Tabitha?? R u fake????
If London Bridge is standing why is there a song about it falling down?
Connection interrupted. God damn.
yeah. subconscious sucks sometimes. always telling me what I'm doing is wrong. Most of the time it's not. :)
agreed.  UGO sucks ass
What is the last store you went to at the mall?
so how ya ben???
I am the master at skippping rocks!
no ya didnt iDidnt get a request
Timothy. Because he would prolly be following behind the cop car waiting in the waiting room for me already.
i'm late but my damn pic mail ain't sending nowhere. they said i need to add the app? wtf?
Tempted to start baking cookies too.  Damn the diabetes  full speed ahead;)
hahahahahhahahhaahhahahahah vvv ayee fix yerr infoooo ->>
No. Being  down  5lbs is a bad thing when you're a scrawny nerd who's trying to bulk up. :)
Graphic novel class? I hate you but I love you but still I hate you and oh yesh  Hows ya boy JImmy?
Oh it's pretty much public knowledge that I hate shaving my legs. Or at least it is now.
all too fucking familiar
And we are having a pig roast and beef and goodies tonight before midnight with some of the people  I'm going to be dead tomorow
check it on your wii  whore.
what was the weirdest thing you have seen?
3 Funxykins. Fuck planet earth indeed 3
dude make her lyk u again..shes hawt as fuck! do sumthin charmin..thts wat i do 2 muh girl
HAPPY FUCKING BDAY YOU OLD MAN!!!!!! 3333333333 CELEBRATE TONIGHT WITH A TALL COLD ONE :) wooo!
Fukin sun's blinding.... Reflecting off my damn phone screen
Haha...when i turn 60 ish ask me this! lol
yes
Tabi is real!!! i knew her when she lived in Idaho!-Kinly
ass felching sounds kinda redundant
Hopefully  I'll be able to get the damn things on- he's ferocious when cornered  hungry  or just feeling rascally...
Oh  hey  that's good! Makes much more sense than what I had floating around in my head. :) (1001 uses for goose fat...)
ARGH!  I hate that too!
damn girl. that was fire!
faka... update your twitter you fucking homo sapien.
too late  i hate you
I hate you so much right now. 
no. I hate taylor she used to b firey until she dyed her hair
You're quite right. I withdraw my aggressive commenting. Fuck-ton should be more widely used.
Would you actually want to live forever?
Or  he's just sick of hearing me bitch about the cold and doesn't know what else to get me. I like your theory better  lol.
you're a fat bitch? I think you just called yourself one. Lmao... Well if you wanna out yourself in that category... Ha ha
did you come up with the  server-hugger  moniker  or what some other wise-ass?
why yess i do.
-politicians should have to pass an ethics exam 2x yearly. I wonder if that's a piss test for them?
dude  that kind of sucks.
So you were a geek and gay at a very young age ;)
damn that's fucked up Hawthorne is out of the way
Have you ever played baseball?
four
Love it but I don't it too much currently
damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
Funny I always thought Job Security is dependent to how much ass you can kiss? (wait I guess they are one of the same if you think..)
damn missing coffeeclub again. And this time really could have used a coffee ;-)
left and right both... damn i'm tired! how are you going back at work?
If abandoned alone in the wilderness would you survive?
Neat. Damn PS3. Maybe I can convince mom that dad's ps2 needs an upgrade for Xmas.
   I hate calculus... :(
!!!!!!!!!! ya bitch  u prove it
most black shows nowadays are about bourgie ass  successful black people... which is cool to see  but...
I love My Big Fat Greek Wedding! It's so hilarious. Tonight is a great night for romantic comedies.
Hell yeah!!! And the best bit of movie dialogue ever..Jason says  I am NOT the gay!  ... OK Jason i belive you ;)
psshhh!! your on the WRONG side of SHUT THE FUCK UP!
damn australians!
gay people have just as much of a right to be as miserable as straight people! ;)
It could be pig's lips from a garbage bag! Perk up  buttercup!
I just entered Ms. Single Mamas Kick Ass Christmas Contest  you can too 
wow  damn I would have been pissed   that...
hate to be a downer but there's a chance it may not even be released
What do you think would cause mass hysteria?
yup sure can :)
Gah fuck off  tainting my private account with new followers. xD
eat a dick you complain about texas all day shove it it! you just got told your suck a dick! so eat one
LOOK   UR TEXTS OR I'M GONNA FREAK OUT   U!!!
totally agree dude. Pushed carts at Safeway for 2yrs in hs  people are fucking retarded
Damn iPhone made my Brad  Angelina pick blurry!  
I both love and hate the sticks! I'm finally going home tomorrow.
the way fat people (who want to slim) look at thin people?
shut ur bitch ass up! OBVIOUSLY its not the same but its not like her name is spelt out as Eveyln dumbass.
Shrug it off. I'm prolly there to have a good time so i wouldnt phase it.
What are your parents like?
Have you ever hit one of your parents?
Holy Fuck Man  I've been thinking about you. That's fucked up.
If you could rid the world of one thing  what would it be?
dirt poor
that's killer. Wish it was even cool here. But it's been damn near 80 most of the week. No where near festive temps.
yes. my sister. hahaha
What's cute?
it was a good show...dude!  Did you call in gay  rotfl
fuck off
You accidentally eat some radioactive vegetables. They were good  and what's even cooler is that they endow you with the super-power of your choice! What's it gonna be?
Name 3 cheese products you like.
um da gurl dat hangs wit evelyn her name is katiana..cause i alwayz be hearing u talk about her do u like her?
Can bald men get lice?
that kicks much ass to hear you say that! (or   see you twitter that   more accurately)
Sure glad you found something better to listen to. Would hate to hear you make the news  that  way
u better shut the fuck up wit that lol
Hayyy :]
damn man u have an amazing boss!
Yes. :)
i give up fuck aim. ill ttyl.
ur smater than me then. last year  i was out on nye sick as fuck. came home with pneumonia
Meowl?;D If thts a word haha<3
Ah  so it was tough to hear about over and over... That sucks man. Sure its been tough.
dude ur wack ass better be playin at medium or above cuz u need to step up ur game if u wanna challenge a rock god such as myself
If you saw your zipper was down and people had noticed  what would you do?
  I always hated when people bought practical things like carpet or knife set. BUY THE FUCKING DALMATIAN PEOPLE!
damn  that was quick. thanks! will look into height stuff  but position: relative did the job.
 If you not on twitter you're a fucking moron  I agree
How does he feel about marmite? Love It or Hate It?
(If it were to save a life) Would you ever give mouth to mouth to a person with Herpes?
some retarded oracle peoplesoft login thing keeps coming up on my enrolment cart page and i don't know what the fuck is going on!
Urgh   this is difficult to answer haha! Umm prob. fixing computers! ha yes i said it im like a WIZ at fixin comps that MYSELF and MOM destroy! AHAHA!
can you tell loser tudds to turn his fucking phone on...
Man that would be awesome- I might make a fail whale sign for moments like that.
when did you ever hear that? haha.i dont even talk to matt.
ha! my ass be bowling lol
i call it  hey-dumb-fuck-guys-stop-trying-so-hard  advice
paris hilton
that karma is a bitch  HUH
Ugly piece of shit
All three babay :)
i was gonna say control freak  but i'll work with your definition :-P
LOOOOOOL HATE!!!!!!
why haven't i had any dinner yet?
haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
No  I don't.  I hate downloading crap to my phone.  Feels like I'm bogging it down. I'm weird.
y ya wanna kno ??!
Visited your site and love what you stand for  lots of people share the love of the biz and hate the way it's been abused
no people hate on charles hamilton cuz he has an unwarranted ego and he thinks sonic the hedgehog is god
aww that's awful!! XD I loved the art  and watching them all freak out. I hated the asian dude  he was a dmbass.
and holy crap  that's a long time!! D: that sucks!
damn iPhone that's SHITE. Learn English slang
lick on these nuts and suck the dick.
gay + high on crack + Razor sharp vagina? sounds like   to me
Het hate is all about sad poons.
Then Clive is a total pussy and after reading his Dominion shit I do not believe that. Oh Clive so many missteps.
What would you do if you found the wallet of your next-door neighbor who you hated?
I've had a lot in the last year.
what a loser. :P
after I kept getting caught I just said fuck it  lifes too short and I wanna sing off key fools!
She can bust her ass on stage and GAIN fans  You gotta love her.
Is like putting Lipstick on a Pig!  You were perogued! LIVE WITH IT! #canadawest
If you really like Of Human Bondage  you'll love anything by Shakespeare. Sorry... I'm a Literature nerd and English major...
I HATE that!
kiss my icecubes formerly known as my ass cheeks.
i think its a cultural fad.. starbucks coffee sucks and its wayy overpriced.
LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
I'm doing both. And it sucks. But I've got a lot done (work-wise)  then will spend the day finishing some Christmas stuff
OMFG I HATE YOU IWANNA GO ON NEOPETS :'( WTFFFF. YOU HAVE EVERYTHING I WANT.
if you had the opportunity to be in a movie with any actor/actress who would it be?
Have you ever asked someone out on a date?
  Done! But I must tell you  that negro got a hard ass head. My elbow hurts...
LOL! not bad for a gangsta bitch...wo pretends to be classy...LOL! I love the holidays. My fav... 2nd to my Bday!
damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
My problem is that bankers and investors have taken risks regardless of being told how bad things could fuck up.
I don't  but when i was little  sweet and sour sauce from mickey d's :] hahahha
Oh  I want the page resident on my website.  I might just do a total overhaul.  Hate to refer people to separate site.
That sounds like a plan. :) Kick ass  indeed. And any beat that stands the test of time is a banger  for true.
Gypsy bitch!!!!!
ember.
Your ugly x)!
it means  the fat beauty and yes lost 43 kgs thru heavy dieting n working out at the gym 6 days a week  that was 3 yrs ago
I always respond to that use of gay by asking if the subject really is  fag-o-licious 
Lady Gaga has recieved 13 nominations at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards  she has beaten Michael jacksons record of 11 nominations  do you think she really deserves all those nominations?
hello fellow ICM nerd  
nasty ass bishes
I hate it  too.
epic fail meaning it sucks? Hopefully
A picture of me and timothy when we went on a Riverboat cruise and dinner. It was soo romantic :)  I love that picture!
????????wtf? WhAt ThE fUcK?
yes.. a she-wolf in love  is it even possible? Which team do we root for now? I'm a faithless whore  struck by Amor
 They're unlawful combatants.   Uh  no  Dick  *you're* unlawful imprisoners. God I hate those men.
Yup  gypsy bitch is one of my faves from devil doll
That sucks. I was actually a guest on there! My first time on the radio.
If you won a million dollars what would you do with it?
hahaha i don't hate german  just a couple of germans. Guten morgen!
that sucks.  I do both at my work  which is a pain the rear-end too  because everyone thinks they're designers ;)
fuck you  merten.
wow
Isnt that quote from alice in wonderland?
No wonder Outlook sucks...
and  @justlikeanovel: *raises hand rather gaily* One real gay man right here  darlings! HOLLA! #supergay
that sucks *hugs* :(
I would love to follow him :]r Absolutely!!!!!
After about the sixth dimension that video becomes a total mind fuck!
my lungs are fine  but my legs are like  bitch  your ass is heavy !! let's stop  
yeah i had to work and it sucks. the city is pretty much shut down.
like tha new 50 shit fire.  finally sum club gangsta shit i neede that!!! hook is catchy as fuck and 50 whas rappin good.
That sucks man! Hope you start feeling better. I hope you and your family have a very Merry Christmas!
I don't always agree with you... but I do this time! Slow the hell down and stop getting so emo about it.
sonic
the winter olympics in Vancouver. Supposed to be gorgeous :]
Yeah.  I hate vinyl.  We have tile but I have the same troubles unless I clean daily.  Gonna try my all terrain steam vac on it!
Name 3 drinks you regularly drink?
that sucks. People are stupid.
damn you for getting the comics up early again o_o it gives me nothing to do before school in the morning D:
mix you will be fucking awesome
Whos the best person to talk to online?:
FAT WHALE U still Floating  Did not SINK Yet?
Well then! Thank you for the info. When I get home I'm going to go yell at them about their serrations. Damn things.
:) omg thanks! :D
damn work fire wall. can't go to myspace. :(
don't forget taco lol I got a damn TacoBot followin me lol..let's see chocolate  xbox  wii  psp  dunkin donuts  geek lolol
I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck  what a bad ass opportunity for you.
how did you meet dad BITCH!
aha it's just the funniest image. :P and that sucks about your xmas stuff not showing up. :/ i go insane this time of year  ngl. :P
I have all my questions do you guys have them??
Why is it when something doesn't work we have this urge to physically abuse it?
What reality show do you wish you could be part of?
DAMN YOU.. i miss talking to u go on msn once in a while -.-
no
we all fucking know better.
I HATE that. I have a rhomboid  almost triangular 'washcloth' from learning bark sedge stitch. I use it to scrub the bathroom.
dane cook
are you off bitch? I want BM it's my best friend! Damn it....hey don't forget FullMoon Getogether tonight
haha. Santyna is talking to me bout u. Damn  still got game. Haha
Ah  memories. :)   is watching  Diary of the Dead  right now. He's a zombie freak. LOL
haha ;)so.. have u ever been to france?
yes! haha neat trait of mine.. i can plug my nose with my lips :]
depends on how much you hate fighting w/your light. I read in the car a lot while hub drives  so very worth it to me.
you seem like a hater. or maybe you do it to piss people off. either way  fact is always good.
Im not a nurse yet. But I would say the neverending need to keep helping people. Its more than the average person could do... r Maybe this way  I can make a difference. If not in the world  in someone's life. :]
Yeah. why?
get drumk bitch!
id die if he was super antsy i wanna request vacation and know when my shows r damn it first series anyway
No.
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
I hate you and your steelers.
What a cunt!
not good  i don't like being teased ;)
oh well arent you just the shiiit for hanging out with older people? get friends your own age  you dumb bitch.
lol    the bitch  damn.
I'll be a crab ass with you. BAH HUMBUG!
I iz calm now  cept I can't figure out how to properly edit my wordpress templates. NERD ALERT NERD ALERT.
Ya know  you can take full credit for memeing   cock-measuring fetish. I won't argue.
Its da shit! Fun stuff
Love Burroughs. Bukowski was like a broken clock  right twice a day. Ginsberg BLEH. I hate most of the Beats.
What's your funny story?
If you had one day to live  what would you spend that day doing?
Well they had to get him away from Cali somehow.  And they needed a fucking ace.  So pay pay I hit you check the email.
Okay  now we've established that  would you go gay for $7?
I personally hate all of Narrow Stairs. However  the Hold Steady is great  you're right.
If you could put somebody on a postage stamp  who would you choose?
UNNNGGGG if he used that fucking word i'm never saying Epic Fail ever again..ooo i'd like to give him a sock in th..NEVERMIND!!
you sir  are an ass. ;)
he is a HUGE POSER! I want Toyboy back!
that sucks.  gg was fantastic this week
u00bfListography?
am deleting all that bell-end Pineapples comments  so he keeps posting more. Cunt.
I don't use the touchpad(I hate them) I always use a USB mouse. We are a toshiba family.. we have four
i still feel bad. I woke up at 2 am and was like fuck! Then i saw that carly called
Im gonna take pole dancing classes would that make me slutty?
do you like atlanta  GA 
goddamn it kj...fuck you 29 times 
ass.
yes sure am :)
Grosss! Your face is nasty
 (iTunes) or  Antrel Rolle previewed today's MIN game on the Best Damn Sports Show Podcast.
You suck dick.
yeah tneezy gonna hate it...   sorry boo u 1 day late!
why would i accuse you  im SUPER FUCKING JESLOUS OF YOU
Damn Girl! Aww  that'll be cake at the rate YOU are chalking them up. Nice seasonal pic and awesome tweets btw.
Anyone named kirby is a whore. It's one of the unspoken rules of life.
That really sucks I'm sorry. I'd get shitfaced with you but I'm stuck up here on the plateau.
the other night actually haha in the living room
makes even gay men question their sexuality.
NO NO NO NO NO I HATE YOU.
I don't always agree with you... but I do this time! Slow the hell down and stop getting so emo about it.
not at all!!! I smile too much
okay. Fuck me. Way to start the new year.
Would you like to go to space?
y do u post pictures of fat girls all the time.  Does it make u feel better?
Lemme make fun of you for crying at a dog movie for Pete's sake. Nerd.
I dont even want to talk about it. and stress is overrated. i just dont like to think about it
Oh bitch you can't hide cus I'm gonna find you and we gon have a problem hoe
Jet.
Kann I get witt you
Tell me about something youve achieved?
damn kid...condolences homie 
What video game have you played the most?
That would freak me out  I hope you feel better!
big fucking graphics?
i hate school =(
like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
maybe you should go punch him in the dick.
Shrug it off. :] haha no time to deal with petty bullshiz.
I HATE that. I have a rhomboid  almost triangular 'washcloth' from learning bark sedge stitch. I use it to scrub the bathroom.
Damn  I'm really in trouble now. But I always like to take risks and clearly this is going to be one for me...Thx for checkin!
passing gay marriage bans  the government is doing just that. regulating personal relationships. not the government's job.
sometimes.
hahaha i don't hate german  just a couple of germans. Guten morgen!
i just fucking beat you!
BIG FAT HARD HAWAIIAN DICK. Too much?
did you see Mike Huckabee on Daily Show earlier this week? It got pretty intense with gay marriage topic.
I haven't started mine yet and don't know that it's happening. I'm a card freak  though  so probably I will send something.
  haha. i love it! gay nights for all!
get a life you twisted bitch!
because like everything you do  its ASS Backwards !!!!
during my short live here i have learned to hate twam (=twitter spam) someone wrote about it 
im not sure actually. I guess how ever many I am blessed with :]r r but like 3-6 would be awesome. i like big families!
Lemon :] hahaha
fuck...  lemme know if you'd like to work at criagslist
When you packing your stuff to leave and go somewhere for awhile  what is the first thing you make sure you have?
Hahaha!  Well take care then. We would hate to lose you to your homeland anyways.  Come back safe!
Thanks! :-)  I feel so much better as well  I hate when they are sick  and it makes it worse when I'm not here  poor guy.
thanks... Who is yew???
oh man that sucks. I'm sorry. Sucks to live with people who are dirty..trust me  I can relate.
what's the Kindest thing anyone has ever done for you ??
Ever felt that no one relates to you?
VTU  SUCKS .
What the fuck is a _________? (Insert your govt' name in blank)
that sucks man. I feel for you
HAHAHAHA maybe but I shall not say but HELL FUCK YEA IM GETTING SMASHED AS FUCK TONIGHT... DRUNKS ALL AROUND BABY!
hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahaahahhahaahhahahaahahahaaaaaa!!!!!!!!
nope
Stop it! I keep thinking you're going to say he's here! Now I'm waiting vicariously through you! Dammit! I hate waiting for babies!
i literally could not breathe. that was so fucking scary.
lmfao HURRY AND GET THE FUCKING LYRICS.
The last song you listened to?
you should probably reattach your fucking ass for you have laughed it off.
OMG! cute emo cow! that would be acceptable! and the cow wouldn't mind the blood drinking...
What holiday is closest to your birthday?
did Santa cum n visit u huny?
aw ill ask something so u dont go crazy ^_^  ok um what do you want in life :P
yes! haha neat trait of mine.. i can plug my nose with my lips :]
that sucks  I know he was looking forward to that hook up...
makes sense and glad that it's shifting (even if geologic).  hate that kind of snobbery.
H2o
What annoys you most about living at home with your family?
y ya wanna kno ??!
NOONONOONONNNOONONNONONONOONON cock mongler..... you didn't eve nstraighten it...
Your into Pryce?
 - ass bumped the  What the heck is Unsanity doing? -thread from march...
I responded and asked you  but yes it does vary. Some think gay marriage is immoral. I think those people are bigots.
pig 100% pig
wow that is damn ridiculous.  I think i will be crossing off dubai for places to visit.
I'm giving you fair warning to hate; high of 73 on wednesday  78 on thurs
i was able to connect to may exchange with apple mail after they enabled active sync for my iphone. i hate entourage... so much
Shakespeare nerd!
hahahha thank you :)
attention whore.
LOL! not bad for a gangsta bitch...wo pretends to be classy...LOL! I love the holidays. My fav... 2nd to my Bday!
there is a man who walks his p-b-pig in the domain wonder if they are related
i would hate that too. :(
what?!?! im sorry!!!!!! ill kick his ass for you if you wish i got some pretty wicked awesome ninja skills :)
we're talking threatening your ability to do business in a professional  not-over-the-top way. w/o being a cunt  somehow.
telling someone that you dont love them back. ive had to do it and it is so tough to say.
yeah  i won a car!
who is this dumpster baby
What can you say about Kurt Cobain? Impress me.
maybe you should go punch him in the dick.
What's something random that you're currently loving?
haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
I hear you can cook your ASS off!!! =)
I am Ashlee duh
I couldn't agree more.  And if I didn't feel like such a loser I would say I win for understanding!
would you rather be king/or queen of the universe for one year or get what you want for one year?
Joiieeeee:) I LaLaLovee Youu  <3
NAME ONE FEMALE YOU REALLY ENJOY TALKING TO AND BE HONEST
Do you think it's better to find love or let it find you?
weekend ofzo? 3) I still hate twitter 4) I love Gerard he's writing umbrella academy but I still haven't read it yet -shame on me
I hate you.
yes
I noticed that and you are not a bitch. The other thing that she also doesn't have is class.
do you like adtf
shut the fuck up LOL. I wanted to take a pic so bad but it would have been obvious. My mom wanted the hat. I just tried it on haha
dhatt wass me  lol
Don't fuck with a don at this foodsies shit.
What's your favorite genre of music?
What was the easiest time in you life?
I hate  Rag and Bone  so much.
Damn you for seeing the season premire over a month ago!!
Shaun Diviney's house and everyday haha. we would be besties<3 and Andy and Bradie of course =]
u know  that's what I hate about Ohio  seeing grown up idiots in shorts when it's freezing outside :0)
live life love
hahah do u kno how mannnyyy ppl have asked me if i was going out with u? haha
Meh  no high voltage  just damn dirty grease.  I smell like a french fry now.
well i had to put my two cents in [: haha
how about   cock-a-doodle-doo 
That's bad ass. I would also like the ability to move immovable objects.
no  im tabitha jai locascio. myspace.com/tabiisaninja i have a face book to  ask for it. I HAVE NO CLUE WHO THIS CHEYENNE IS  so please send a link so i can see for myself  because i guess she might be using my pictures.
Can you daydream at night?
a house :]
Do you have a lot of friends?
tim. i dont think men are hot.
I HATE that!
before i click on your link there  i just want to say that i am who i am and if that offends  ive done my fucking job. =)
the universal dance man
and cant expect too much he was recording til 2wks ago!! too damn shame when ppl just rush to make an album these days!
What is your shoe size?
random yes. lol
you know fuck it I'm doing  Jew-Boy money 
Musicals:  Cheesy or entertaining?
that's bad ass. I'm right on portage and wise. Hang outs and drukenness should ensue. If you need help moving hit me up
....i make an ass out of my self  sad blushy face*
are you looking for any bfs atm =)
do you like the sound of the wind chimes?
omg omg omg I am SO happy to see you on here! We're gonna have some fucking kickass fun. Fasten your seatbelt pussycat.
women lie too. I know a bitch who was pimping herself out on craigslist. Yes  craigslist. I didn't believe it till that email.
  i would resent these comments but i fucking agree with you
Usually going to my brothers baseball games :) then all day outside!!! my favorite <3r Rollerblading or finding a new park and then out with the boyfriend usually to eat and then doing something..from a movie to going grocery shopping haha
goddamn it kj...fuck you 10 times 
why would u say fat people are dumb?
1 year and 3 months
Why isnt there a mouse flavoured cat food?
freak...freak...freak...there have a little more :)  What's an elf ot the shelf btw?
lol ima go deep
What do you prefer to drink in the morning?
I ran a 300 customer hosting company for years on Apache.  I know how to set it up.  It still sucks ass.
Damn girl ... Your house was dirty.
dude i love ya but the blip.fm stuff sucks.
Did you have a good day ??
hahahahahahahahahahahhahahahaha  i recently read the weight of silence  and its really a good book.r *lover buddies for life **
 @petie_martin...shondor shabbos  that's what...shut the fuck up  donnie
don't fuck with Fiat
i dont have a dream job anymore so i dont no.
Who and when was your first kiss?
damn  that sux
thank you  she's such a big baby. lol But such an incredible dog. hate to think of life without her pain in the butt self
get out of my fucking brain!  I am not yours!
Neat. Damn PS3. Maybe I can convince mom that dad's ps2 needs an upgrade for Xmas.
 hahaha .. you're silly! but dayum it's 10:22AM and i'm still kinda limping from my hip hurting THAT badly .. it sucks!
Still  it's damn moronic that media people can't access media  particularly media made by their own company!
DAMN DAMN DAMN i cant see livesteez!!!!! :-(
If you had the choice to see the future  would you?
I know!  Going to have to mix some up to bring with me  I hate paying for drinks when I go out.
look like? pretty.
we are so silly and pathetic and so fucking cool! You tellin me you choking made me choke! And I am sitting next to some girl w ...
 you can trust me to do my part to help   win his  biggest loser  contest.  ;)
Heores Season 2 sucked! Full of emo shit!
no im just fucking pissed at shit
 midget w/a hookhand hangin off your collar  IM FUCKING DEAD. BURY ME. D-E-A-D DEAD.
 (iTunes) or  Antrel Rolle previewed today's MIN game on the Best Damn Sports Show Podcast.
 Self-serving confessions  meaning that one is tattling to cover own ass  im plicating another?  
I take full pride in being a nerd. Hahah.
that karma is a bitch  HUH
Fucking tell me about it... So much for protecting the investors eh?
Have you ever cried from being so mad?
lets fucking go tonight... you know you want to! Or at least hang out. I fucking hate being alone sometimes too.
That sucks..  Stuff working yet?
What message would you want to put in a fortune cookie?
yep...that whole damn mixtape gets me hype lol
I meant to drink.  But man  nj sucks with this.
yes very much lol =]
Well fuck yeah!!!! how about allston?   imma try the one in jersey   I got my 2day bamboozle tics today
I love that you love hockey! (even if I dont like your team- tho I hate the Avs too so we have smthing in common) Go 'Nucks!
My sound is being persnickety so I can't catch up on the vlog until I reboot  which I'm too damn lazy to do now. But tomorrow...
oh it was nothing huge  it is just time for me to get off my ass and go out there and start my life. Get work in the field etc.
I love them too. Though I have to say that Sylar is my favorite villian in the show. I love to hate him. Hehe.
Do more people know u by a nickname or by your first name?
I felt the same way 3 weeks ago. And then proceeded to watch the whole. damn. thing. lol
oh that sucks! apply for targets/walmarts
bleezard! hate our local news:  top story: snow... in other news: snow... and hey  snow!  they live for this shiz
The tilt looks cool. I always get the newest phones  I'm a cell phone addict or whore....
Uhhhhh!!!! OMG! Taquisha? LOL!
haha thank you! haha
There's a dfference? Damn.
i got ur ticks  but yo ass ain't gonna come! lol
jansport :)
What was cured ham  cured of?
Just admit ur a lesbian drug addict who flirts with guys  its okay(:
omfgshz. i hate lemonbars with a DEEP passion  too!
HAHA  that did brighten my day considerably.  How about on the one day of Christmas my broke ass got my gf gift cert to Chili's
Great you?
Wow u in love wit her? U gay 4 her?
 Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
Can you sometimes finish someone else's sentence?
have you ever had sex?
Nooo unfortunately.
I haven't seen the movie but I read the book and sobbed. But I already know I'm a nerd.
As opposed to a non fucking fuck?
Pah. Loser. ;) Haahaha. Well done fella. Very interested to chat to you about it sometime!
no
yo I only peeped the last 30mins-and I saw here and THOUGHT it was her but figured  naaah this bitch looks way broker  lol yikes
how many people are you following right now
Let's get married?
Read your post   Sincerity Sucks.   Thank you! I feel less guilty for holding certain  sincere  people accountable for actions
you're such a bitch  I love it! :)
They're rioting at a college level! Did you see the pool? THEY FLIPPED THE BITCH!
that's happened to me twice in the past 4 months. Pain in the ass. Much.
DOG... ONE OF THEM WILL SOON CATCH YOU SLIPPING! THEY'LL PULL A GEORGE CASTANZA ON YOUR ASS THEN NEXT THING YOU KNOW  UR MARIED
hell yeah fucking losers lol
If a parsley farmer is sued  do they garnish his wages?
wow that is damn ridiculous.  I think i will be crossing off dubai for places to visit.
i hate you
sweet! i sure hate i lost my anniversary edition dvd of it.....digitally remastered and just perfect
Fuck them!
Mht. klatrevg kan du mske hive fat i    han er friluftsmand og tidligere ansat i en Spejder Sport :)
Michael Jackson! haha wait wrong one  Michael Jordon i meant ahah
Retard. Section E is?
It is totally rad  I assure you. But being a loser with no life outside the internet  few people ought to see you in it. ^__^
kkk. have fun!
damn  I'm moving south.  Cleveland has it for 1.69/gal
When was the last time you went to the beach?r
I don't hate you. My last partner was 130 lbs and I got him up to 165 lbs of solid muscle. I hated him 4 looking better than me
do people in australia call the rest of the world up over?
that sucks :(
ooooo!! Feel bad now cause you thought wrong about that. I sent my tweet in right after your nerd tweet.
because the sandman is being a punk ass ho...
ahahaahahahaha. yourr a funny kid.
hey sugar tits! wanna meet at night? ill be racing my evo..metallic blue with white stripe on top...i got tinted front windows too. look for me!
I'm counting down the milliseconds til you OPEN THE DAMN BOX.  if I have the patience of a saint  you have the willpower of a GOD.
yes. and no sorry
No need to be scared. Just don't piss me off in traffic. That's all:)
checked it out...looks like it's well on it's way to being pretty damn awesome :)
dudde ima fuuck you til you bleed:)
Dude. That  Sleeps with Angels  song can straight up have my ass bawling. I also love the song  Hey Hey  My My  and Harvest Moon
Damn skippy.
a week ago
hahahah whoever is asking about her favorite sex position i know the answer lol hahahahahahaha
followed! follow me also :)
That sucks  they owe you much?
Sony Vegas  fucking amazing! :D
Have you told anybody you loved them today and meant it?
goddamn it kj...fuck you 10 times 
Do you think people end up warped if they are not loved as a child?
I don't hate you. My last partner was 130 lbs and I got him up to 165 lbs of solid muscle. I hated him 4 looking better than me
Fuck.
Actually  the problem is fucking ATI. They suck. I'm gonna do this swap then try to get an nvidia card.
thanks  the nerd in me is overjoyed
except now they have his crazy ass son to deal with  probably.
I cry  but then I'm just like that fucking woman is a bitch. God I hate her!!! (Yolanda) I'm getting mad just thinking lol
saw that    tents by wildcraft..damn next time i will be a participant...
Have you ever collected stickers that are on fruits?
my good friends
anger and greed.
ooooo!! Feel bad now cause you thought wrong about that. I sent my tweet in right after your nerd tweet.
I once let a Delta Chi fuck me in the ass in Raleigh  NC. He took me to Bahama Breeze and that sealed the deal- doesn't take much.
Man  it was that damn Youtube code!
Omg all these Texans are so sensitive!
#NAME?
cooling it !!
Frickin turnovers! Dang flags.  SD's gonna beat our ass and Denver is going to blow a 3 game lead. They don't deserve to win.
Do you like to clean?
What's your biggest phobia?
that still kinda sucks.
I always thought of him as Hermy  the wannabe dentist.
i would hate that too. :(
Did you know you smell like an old man?
if the sweaty ping pong player you're referring to is me  then I hate your guts.
dude like i said your so lucky! no
closing now. some gay xmas thing
just read the archive artile on your old site. love the jones comparison. how much hate mail did you get?
damn 'reply' button ... -.-
everything but you. Everything but you sucks.
He's passed out in my bathtub. Only way I could restrain him: knocking his ass out and leaving him in the dark. :1
i just hate college  evryday especially...:p
ahahaahahahaha. yourr a funny kid.
YOUR MOM SUCKS ASS. Don't be such a douche. It's obviously not done. I'll add the fucking parm when the noodles are done.
nigga u geigh lmao! fuck yo finals beeeeeitch
i was spanked but do not  only because it makes my kid behave worse  so doesn't work. not a lot does work-kinda sucks too.
:D Even though they changed a little lately and now it sucks more than ever  they still have the most shows.
      just departed for Greenville. I really hate saying goodbye :-( Praying for a safe trip.
*watches than throws up* Man  that's was sick as fuck! A glass jar?!?
Ugh  ok... I hate NYC also. Hmmm. thinking...We are having a Screening on the FOX Lot that week. Maybe u can roll through?
have too! :) it makes it so much more fun.
and biggest. That would be a bad-ass name too. At least his middle name.
A writer. I wanted to be a writer creative novelist so bad.
Yeah.  I hate vinyl.  We have tile but I have the same troubles unless I clean daily.  Gonna try my all terrain steam vac on it!
What was your last wish for?
Damn  I followed you two days too early.  Mom was wrong  procrastination can be a good thing!
I hope someone is getting injured in the process of the REAL LIFE PILLOWFIGHT FUCK YEAH
nope. idk what i am haha
lol how
  who the fuck is charles? yoooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuu
OMG that sucks! D:
From what I've gathered the hate is because they're like a mainstream Christian band. And the mainstream hates Christian music
damn that is purely awesome!
Marc got home ok...but said he might've fuckied his rim up. I told his ass the pierogies  sausage wwere gonna knock him out....
mhm
they made me shit ;0
a hemp bracelet my sister made me on my left wrist and my two favorite rings :]r Earrings too...lets count  8 others :)
Well get your ass busy!
Cool buddy!    's new book The Body Fat Solution gets released on Thursday if you can help let me know
Off courrseeee dudee hahahahaha!!!! Awhhh lol! i think i love it 2 chuz im in it lol!!!! jk! i love yuh!!
nigga u geigh lmao! fuck yo finals beeeeeitch
Is there one person that can always make you smile?
Thank you
yeah we do... damn this time difference *HUGS*
Do you do what needs to be done regardless of the consequences
Were you ever physically abused?:
I hate when I see people doing that. I am with you on that one. Why do people think that is okay?!
haris i m trying to control my fat tummy did'nt eat from 2 days :D
agree entirely. I'd hate to see a graph for my twitter input this week.
Couldn't tell I had a choice! Damn thing auto-launches then locks up tight every time.
Was it Reva-thy? in which case... not cute and no remote can control that ass :) Heh!
lol  that's what i do. i HATE wearing jeans at home  plus the ankles get all cold and wet cause of the snow!
What is the first thing you think of when you see a cow?
yeah sure  you hate it. Riiiight. But yeah  I'll take all that stuff and more. Kisses  hugs  head massages  bubble baths..
point taken. fuck.
i have no idea. nothing else to do in life..
That sucks man. Hopefully my apartment survives the break.
jia..that is dead ass wrong
yes.. a she-wolf in love  is it even possible? Which team do we root for now? I'm a faithless whore  struck by Amor
you are welcome to spend the night any time... but next time you steal the covers  I'm gonna cunt punt you. Not really. :)
weekend ofzo? 3) I still hate twitter 4) I love Gerard he's writing umbrella academy but I still haven't read it yet -shame on me
YEsH hahahahaha wouldn't you??
18 fuckin children. damn....
here's some cock for u 
Last time you had butterflies in your stomach?
I hate to point this out  but didn't you call Death Race awesome? DR will make my bottom 10 list w/o a doubt.
HAIR PRODUCTS? I hear Hair Products?? lol i hear your getting beat up us girls do stick together...against them bad ass boys
Adidas.
I agree. There are a lot of pregnant women and babies being born these days. I love kids  but I'm damn scared of labor!
I love you like I love to sing. I love you like I love to swim at night. I love you like I love my kitties. I love you like how I love to day dream about you. Someday you'll realize I do love you  for now bffls I guess
ahhh. Best fucking yak ever
 If they would have cremated that son bitch I'd be tale grabbing his ass right now 
my mets need to chill with all that  team to beat  shit. the need to be  the team that doesn't choke on dick  first.
OK  now I seriously want to buy Nice List even though I know I'll never use it! DAMN YOU AND YOUR MARKETING PLOY
Ah. Gay!
I fucking hope you move you bitch!!!!
Damn  now  the yurt market was my secret niche!  Now EVERYONE will know!
finally someone reviews Death Proof and understands the film and why it's fucking awesome.
fuck. :( 3
Have you ever been rude to someone without even realizing it?
you asian!!! I hate asians!!! Bahahahahhaha!!! Jk! I am well on my way to getting fucked up!!! See you next year!!! Hahahahaha!!
Yeah  those same ugly guys that do gay-for-pay. That's why I demand hot girl on girl action in my porn. Oh oh. Yeah.
nah
FIRE HIM!!!!!!  lol lame ass mofo....
it back safely...misssed this damn weather.  I think it may be too cold to go on my date  yo...
$10 for water is better than the throat fucking i got for free the last time i was there.
Thats funny. Nothing yet. But im hungry now that you mention it :]
Are yuh single and ready 2 mingle?!
I have news 4 you this whole month is going 2 suck ass  I hope u like banquets n ramen cause thats whats on the menu this month :(
Dude. That  Sleeps with Angels  song can straight up have my ass bawling. I also love the song  Hey Hey  My My  and Harvest Moon
cough drops. deodorant. glasses case.
Who is the bestestt  lol
yeah  I did that a few months ago. How's your show doing man?? looks kick ass!
Al Gore can kiss my REC credits' ass:   :-) I actually offset our whole bill
Vampire weekend song  happy mood  and sad mood
Do you and Timmy have a KI pass? :D
That question sucks. JB played hard  consistent; KM was hard and chaotic and brilliant. I think it's a straight up tie.
Ooooooh  didn't hear that story!  Have a bad feeling it likely makes us (Canada) look like wannabe dorks on the fashion radar..?
Hahaha  Testosterone Man!!!  I met Mega Bitch Soccer Mom the other day. She took the time to stop  honk her horn   flip me off
Savor my ass. ;-p
damn straight :)
that's what I was JUST tellin' myself !! Hahaha I said  Fuck it Kel  just DO IT and get it DONE !!  But I complain the whole way
I hate FCC they are evil
WLW: Fucking marvellous.
You can stop voting now. Holy fuck. If only McCain had you on his side  and you were 18.
would be at least 4gb at a guess. I ain't using it ATM  if you don't leech ur ass off you're welcome to lend it
Can you imagine having that job? I would hate having to stand there  listen to folks pee. Seriously  not a great job.
fucking Bretts. I am pining my hopes on Garrard ans Jacksonville cause the fucking Jets suck.
oops but you're forgiven. Hope they win. I Never had a good exp. with a shelter  they hate us military types. Glad you did though!
I just think police are fucking pigs. Bad experiences with them jumping to conclusions and holding guns to my head.
i decided since its almost your unbirthday that im gunna send you a present
I think i done bounced half my ass off LOL
bitch was craaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzy!
sheeeeit. i'll watch shawn bradley's 9-foot-tall ass get rejected by everyone including the rim any day.
don't worry  karma is a one mean ass bitch. They'll get what's coming to them...
None. i dont have pockets on right now lol
Well  not unless he wants some hot Vulcan action.  It only happens once every seven years  but damn  is it worth it.
lmaooo he's horrid..but the WORST thing about him is  he's actually a smart ass dude..I don't get him at all..
holy fuck. i would just make pasta or something if i were you  that is ridiculous.
jia..that is dead ass wrong
lol... I have ass too..
do you like atlanta  GA 
nope. i love to claim it :)
what is up with viva la vida having almost all its songs in 2 parts? i hate part 1 of  42  but love the 2nd half!
smile hahah and say thank you :)
i like the paris hilton one  that one made me fucking laugh lol good job
damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaff(house) then
Fuck yeah
oh damn! anyways next time...DM me ur number or soemthing
Unibroue 17 !!!! Another damn good Unibroue
i didnt know there was an OLD zealand.
Tell her she says Bitch like it's a bad thing
I think that's another one that I haven't seen that makes me eligible for gay card revocation
lol just rhyming  gay i know
what song best describes you?
a party bored as fuck. God I need a grown man party
I hate them. I eat them for dessert. I will keep following you. I believe in your cause
fuck yes.  I hate them at work...
that sucks!
Football. I hate it. Its official  Im bad luck.
why are you not talking to anyone
You must have read Mozart and the Whale too?  ASConn had Jerry Newport come to CT for a showing of the film a signing.
sharing my most intimate thoughts with another being  my boyfriend. i used to hate telling anyone anything. but i dont now.
Hahahaha Crazy.
Love to travel  but hate to unpack. ;)
no im just fucking pissed at shit
oooh  I wish I could! but then I have to shave my widow's peak to get them to hang right. And what a bitch to grow back! LOL
we all fucking know better.
Haha! Well Cyprus Bank's web interface sucks... So I'm considering trying out Alpha Bank. Also my landlord has Alpha bank... lol
Would you believe the same article said eating less helps us live longer  too? Damn those scientists!
the last thing I want to do before I die is...
Would you rather have uncontrollable drooling or be a bedwetter?
I totally agree. Hate it when people Tweet out every thought they consider mildly clever. That's why I dropped  @guykawaski
Show your face Anonymous WTF?! You make no sense you fake ugly bitch
lmao naw...dats elementary daysz
Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
i dont think so
pls do....i was gon call molly maids up in this piece. i hate cleanin with a passion so early spring cleanin is some mf'in bull
you are GAY!!!!!
you're assuming they can presently afford them?  leverage is a bitch.
yup  i hate not haveing energy.  Makes me impatient and crabby.
i hate sewing. Period.
get your ass here !!!
In scale from 1-5  how afraid of dark are you?
I hear you can cook your ASS off!!! =)
No  but I'm saying that money that has gone into Gaza SHOULD be feeding people  not waging war and breding hate.
 I was there helping your ass pack to get on the plane. A tru friend  helping you track a sub sized weiner like fucking GPS
Yea...until then I'll have to settle for being some ad blogger who has nothing better to do than bitch about advertising;)
omg  that sucks arse! I am so sorry =/
-- damn fool. you're a 247 workhorse!
I hate to hear about all the accidents. People need to slow down and be more careful and even more so during the holiday season.
LOL!  I'd damn near have shorts on man!  Everything in life is relative I guess.
ahh  you might be on to something...damn techies
Ok..ok I c u! Take it back on they ass why don't ya.. That sounds super CUTE!
yes i love the pillows  livejournal jrock rotations (get an lj  they're sick) and uhh fuck i dunno  twitter?? just the site
freak...freak...freak...there have a little more :)  What's an elf ot the shelf btw?
Do you miss your past?
so you said you were on your way like an hour ago  you only live like 15 min away..where youu be? ;D
swine flu.
ugh  fuck the chargers!
i guess thats true.. when it rains in ny it sucks but there is always shit poppin in ny.. orlando is boring :(
yes i would. i would love the opportunie of saving another persons life. and everyone gets hurt..but is being hurt worth not saving another beings life? I dont think so. I'll save them!! :)
Well   I guess I love youu too whore(:
iiLooveeyouumiss you Alexiss.!!
no but i so wanna go this year!
Sure is  and it's about damn time too! The whole LJ server move screwed it up for a bit.
piratee's or ninja's? Ahah
damn! twitpic that shizzle!
U r soooooooooooooooooooo pretty Alexis<3 y r u so nice???????
I appreciate the help ;)))
ur a huge loser did u know that? lol
I'm actually pretty happy about myself currently. Buuut if I could  I guess it'd be to be a little taller so I could be a model. :] haha
bro u haven't seen School of Rock??? that movie is royal ass kicker. Another one of Jack Black's awesomes. seen Be Kind Rewind?
ew you're gross. ugly. BITCH
Enterprise can suck my dick too! That's bullshit!
don't be all emo like that xD.
I know!!! Now I have to figure out who's gonna teach me to use the damn thing!!!LOL
Who is thiss fer real??
i wish dick cheney was gay cause then he would ve shot more ppl in the face
the lox  f**k you    keep it thoro  prodigy   we run this  fat joe   i come thru  styles and nore   broken language  smooth
hehe yup  it's awesome  but the pronunciation is incredibly haaard :D
that sucks. People are stupid.
LOOK   UR TEXTS OR I'M GONNA FREAK OUT   U!!!
fat guys are immoral  there should be a proposition to keep them from marrying  VOTE YES
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
lol. I know  she's a mess. But ya ass was not getting up.
idk haha maybe beowulf:]
yea school sucks sometimes. thanks bro figured id mess around on here to waste some more time from studyin ha
Bill Donahue? Seriously? Ask him why he uses hate speech against gays  women and Jews and maybe I'd listen to his complaints
My position on LA has always been that radio sucks there  so would KCRW change that?
haha cunt.
yes
What was your favorite year?
yeeah  i'm a youngin' it sucks. i'm on the quest for a good one. no luck yet  though
Jesus fucking h Christ!!!!
Better than that shit ass falafel box you eat once a week  I'm sure
  You both need to watch/rewatch it. But more to sate your nerd jones than your gay-wadishness.
i got ur ticks  but yo ass ain't gonna come! lol
don't forget taco lol I got a damn TacoBot followin me lol..let's see chocolate  xbox  wii  psp  dunkin donuts  geek lolol
#firstcar was a 1979 rust colored  small Subaru station wagon. It was a PoS but had 4WD  a bad ass kicker speaker in the back
yes. but we end up warped in the end either way..
Be prepared for Toro to be a comple ass...
Anything thai and spicy.r mexican.r Veggies :]r Grapes  strawberries  Fruit. har And Rice. r I love food btw.
easy Short Stack<3
yes i love the pillows  livejournal jrock rotations (get an lj  they're sick) and uhh fuck i dunno  twitter?? just the site
i think its a cultural fad.. starbucks coffee sucks and its wayy overpriced.
what will you do f you found out that you are adopted?
Does anyone call you babe?
shut up please  it is too damn early for ur singing
makes even gay men question their sexuality.
That sucks. I went to bed before the New Year even began.lol
damn straight
then eat  ass! Don't eat ass though  just eat...you ass
what advice can you give to a person who is so insecure of you?
hahahahha :)
your cute(;
I can share my gay boyfriend. He just left. Its 1 in the morning. You totally coulda had him from 9 to 1! Ill keep first shift
Rooster is my bitch!
BTW TaskPaper  you were damn close. My sanity cannot allow me to try any more GTD apps. (not a few weeks anyway). HitList????
well just go to the local whore house!
hmmm i havent been shopping in forever but i like forever 21
  this is true. i've been obsessed with ramen for months  thanks to Yvette and that damn restaurant in manhattan.
I like these ditties. Can we have them? I'll reverse out the type. I hate white t-shirts
as much as i hate auto-DM's  i also check out links if they're music related.
omg i would shop my ass off but that's because i have like zero long term goals :(
do you have any fun summer plans?
That sucks:)
strict. and fun :)
wid wat?
#NAME?
sometimes I hate how contagious US culture is
lol.. that sucks..it's so nice in miami... catching that ocean breeze from the balcony....don't want to rub it in...lol
when was the last time you cried so hard?
Definitely. I hate crowds. Angry  out of control crowds. I would rather have a root canal (and I've hd one or two)
Are you vain?
if u get a stye is it from seeing a dog shitting or fucking?  And what do I do with my fingers?  Consult H if u need to.
Santa Cycle Rampage Ride starts at 10:30 at the Fat Abbey Bier Cafe (Juneau and Water). Bring your best red and white costume.
ROFL! You got me. Monkey would totally kick Bruce Lee's ass. I bow down to your superior wisdom.
nah  i just think i deserve it. sometimes  you have to reward yours. its been 3 years since my fat boy days
ok I don't care what   says about being PC bc that is SO queer. And ftr  my gay friends would say something worse! ;)
LOL NO KIDDING! I would be scared for my life if I were somebody tryna fuck with you! I have no older siblings  I'm jealous!
you should ask my sister that. shes obsessed with SNL.r sweetiepie18 <------------- i have no idea. i dont watch it.
Ohhh I hate snow days because then we have to make them up later.
It's sucks..lol  cause any other time I'd be fine with 1 meal  but because I cant have none  it's driving me nuts..lol
I hate insomnia too. NyQuil works ok. Excedrin PM probably better.
hippies hate that stuff... too chemical-y. This is true when used in ENORMOUS amounts.
  yup. the design sucks. I wonder if Chris Bangle had anything to do with it. LOL. (joke for the purests out there)
That question sucks. JB played hard  consistent; KM was hard and chaotic and brilliant. I think it's a straight up tie.
awwwww  that sucks!! sorry!! and i'm pretty good i'ma trying to change stuff on mi profile but iz not workin so good!!
What would be the worst disease to have?
The potbelly has a big backyard. My Mom wd let my guinea pig run thru the house. She would repair the rug when it got chewed.
lol fairr enough :L  Putting them up is a bitch though.
hahahahahahaah thanks spency :DDDDD <3 you
What up! I'm always learning something new frm u every damn day. U r such a treat. Lol
  lol BJ's blow ass :P
is het -5?! fuck..
wheres my laptop slut!
saw  Seven Pounds  today--some really fab covers on the soundtrack  which apparently can't be bought. hate that!
bitch better share this vivid alt shit isnt doing anything for my vagina and its moistness. fuck.... EON I WANT TOSEECOPULATION
If you think i care about what you think of me  then youve highly over estimated my opinion of you! bitch/
Heh. Fuck 'em WHERE?!?
im horny god damn porn fuck eon now I need real cock. where's ashley!
ohh everytime I see that nasty ass husband  wants me to beat the shit outta him
hate  can'r do  atitude. can do works almosr all the time.
pictures!
omg that fat dude should not be in leotards idk they made them that big lmao
fuck you shane lol
I'm in love with you
Nicee!
cooool riddleee! :Dr did you gooogleeee it to find it or.....? :)
Where am I from? Ohio in the united states. I was born in Louisiana.
NERD!
that sucks. same feeling as when a place you've been wanting to photo shuts it's doors or burns down. ugh.
really its black if u see it the scientific way how interesting lol
i have more than 1 profile songg ;p
I especially hate the way how Apple earphones tear out the insides of my wallet.
awww what package? dang that sucks though! i hope its not makeup :(
damn right it wi be!
all time? i have no idea. but i love comedy movies so i watch them pretty often
Why?!?! D:
Depends. Will you sit there and hate yourself? ;) Would you be able to do a half day?
That sucks man! What was it?
AHHH I HATE THAT..
I nominate   for #isdoingitwrong Sure   I don't know what *it* is but look at him! He's obviously fucking it up.
I'm with you man. Here I am on Twitter at 20 to 6 in the morn  damn.
That is bad ass.
You know what you are? You're like a big bear with claws and with fangs... big fucking teeth  man.
Share it :) help my parents out. My dad works like a dog and I feel like he tries hardest and barely gets anywhere..and my sister and brothers.
Weird you say that. My boyfriend says that all the time. Im his angel in disguise haha. Idk thou sometimes..angels are perfection and im far from that..
spam 4 spam?
those damn kids ruin it for all of us!
retard?
sounds great  what time should I be there? Oh  I hate garlic  can u leave it off my broccoli? Kthxbai 
will do when i get home  only time i heard it was warped though  fuck life!
hate you so much
i'm like kyu 5000k  just a beginner.  I just posted one of my ass beatings on my thomasott.net blog
Be my pen pal?? :)
Idk hoe get cha own cup of blackberry with a hint of lemon ice tea. Dayumm! hahah JK Brooke?
I'm just here to make sure he doesn't embellish things with those fancy-assed words of his. Good words right order my ass ;-)
damn  that was hard  my last attack: gnocchi! If you answer to this  you'll win
nice ass mr Barnes!! Lmao
idk
tell mi wat ya want mi tew do nd iWill work it out
chicken <3333
Thats exactly why I am now back on the fence... damn this decision is a tough one for me this time.
hehe :}
hey Houston isnt that bad...who am i kidding it sucks anus
Just read about your Dad's heart issues  knee surgery. I had cardiac crisis last summer +prior freak knee. Will share help..
i'm not emo. I'm fucking happy!
no ya didnt iDidnt get a request
thats all for now people ill do more later. let me know in a message if u want me to stop spamming you
ways to kick your own ass in the gym? Bring in a coke and fries with you  or wear a polyester leisure suit.
dont bother with low fat brownies
...i love my job and would hate to miss it...I'm depended upon and especially this week I'm needed for our toddlers parties
dont you hate scarlett though?
Jerry IS Cowboy's problem. He won't hire real coach  'cuz then the credit wouldn't go to him. He's poster child for attn whore.
duhh  im da only onee dhatt typee likee dhatt 
-there is. It's sad  really. I never could be ok with that stuff. Still hate movies where the animals die  I cry every time. :(
that's weird  because I hate them the second time I see them.  First time is ok but they get old quick.
Not really. Atlantis was okay. Old Star Gate on now. Was about to watch Numbers. Might do Sudoku instead unless u ready u fuck :)
freak yeah  i do
closing now. some gay xmas thing
fuck 'em
Are we going to see an appearance of the 'fuck me' boots? :P
Do you know how much a peso would be worth in the United States today?
i think that means ur gay. or a child predator.
What website do you spend the most time on?
ooooh! Don't make me come out there now! Whatchoo know about silk's freak me? Nah wait...you need to lose control first
LOL! The out-of-town revelers are arriving early for NYE...Damn tourists
if anyone said Arial I'm gonna beat their ass.
Your home alone  you hear someone trying to break in  what do you do?
it was a good show...dude!  Did you call in gay  rotfl
fuck off
LOOK LIKE DAT GIRL OFF OF THATS SO RAVEN
LOL I'm sorry sir that sucks. It's always something. :/
What's one thing you own that you should probably throw away  but never will?
yous a bitch nd hoe 
Oh get the fuck out of here with that already go bo and SMH at the complete retards on here typing to you
I was belting out songs from  Fiddler On The Roof  and  Rocky Horror Picture Show   I might have been a gay  Jewish man?
hmmm probably buy a few things for me and one of my besties :D
AAYE!!!  richard gre is NOT gay-re :P
Who's the most overrated athlete?
y0 d!(K !Z b33FY
what's up? how's timmy and you? haha
 you can trust me to do my part to help   win his  biggest loser  contest.  ;)
Thank you hon...got refused for a job op this week due to damn visa...all I ever wanted to do was be a citizen...not poss
i have a problem i like to call desk ass.  my ass gets wider the more i sit in that damn chair.
aww that's awful!! XD I loved the art  and watching them all freak out. I hated the asian dude  he was a dmbass.
THAT'S AN UGLY ASS PICTURE!
I jokingly remarked to my man that I was an  internet whore   he thought it meant that I was a porn star. LOL He doesn't get it.
Those Muggs are still kick ass though. Look! 
im sad there's only 15 more minutes left! i hate how it shows only once a week lol
or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because (it must be) soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
my fridge
:( PS3's are fantastic devices. Kicks XBOX's ass :D
like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
Santa Cycle Rampage Ride starts at 10:30 at the Fat Abbey Bier Cafe (Juneau and Water). Bring your best red and white costume.
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK BIIAAAATCH!
ight well its kinda hard...idk well mi lil boo  mi boo  and mi ex.
My life can only be perfect if ___________.
I hate em..
I love you the way   loves me  not in a gay way or anything :)
ahahaaa fuck him  they pulling desperado tactics
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA (eww now thats fucking gross!) HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAAHAHAAH
Do you listen to music every day?
I wanna butt fuck you. Cuz im a horny gremlin
i hate you.... you know why
Damn skippay; tryna make my toes shine for '09.
Don't fuck with a don at this foodsies shit.
id rather use it and get it over with online lest I have to call and deal with aural ass fuck that is a utility co's cust svc
I'm hesitant on breaking the seal. I made him check my balance three times  when my contract ends. Feeling guilty. Meh. Sucks.
ahem. as a twat (:P) the only thing I have to say to that is: I CUNT HEAR U OVER THE BUTTHURT. WUT DID U SAY? :P
Male Chauvinist Pig. :P
  who the fuck is charles? yoooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuu
There's a dfference? Damn.
yeah more like I stood and then sat down after awhile. Hate you.
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #down-ass-bitches because she totally is one.
How did the first women ever to shave their legs know that the skin wouldnt just peel right off?
Favorite brand of clothes?
Damn! Sounds like heart attack inducing combo.
well clean the damn floor!
you know what  fuck it I'm doing  Jew-Boy money 
if you could change your name to anything you want  what would you call yourself?
you seem like a hater. or maybe you do it to piss people off. either way  fact is always good.
nothing prolly. getting over a sinus infection and upper chest congestion
knowing when your time to die is
what's something you'd change about urself?
Thankss(: you're too kind
emo-hair+hip hop-fitted hat
At least I didn't get the candles that I stole...stolen.  I lucked out. The case of Fat Boys was also popular this year.
huh??
what is the definition of a hate relationship? does it mean the hate is both ways cause im pretty sure i would smite you with righteous fury bra dont be hatin
wow   that sucks.
Long enough to know you're an ass! You could see that jellyfish shit coming though..
your like wiked pretty  im soo jealous 
why would i accuse you  im SUPER FUCKING JESLOUS OF YOU
The JVC (LCD) Reference Monitor I have is  in a word  awe-fucking-some. :)  It's great  accurate and as good as it gets. It's ~ $4k
Nope.
i miss you guys. munich airport sucks.
Not currently. Im on a waiting list and I really enjoyed microbiology :)
dudo kool that would be kick ass if u made it
Scars on my face? Are you threatening me? I don't like liars  threats nor unexplained coincidences. Kindly fuck off!
haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
your beautiful  dont be sad :)
a bunch im sure. white lies are the hardest to remember
whos? ima slap the bitch.
Naw. I gave him tomorrow off. Fuck  my carpet's a mess.
Have you broken any bones?  If so  how?
I meant boo YOU whore!
what is your favorite thing to do with friends?
Let the hate out. Own it  show it  then put it away!!!
I dreamt that those hugerobots from the car ads were out to kill me  i escaped from a palace in a revolution with an emo king  queen and khia was there too LMAO so i ran away  got to my old area and my fam were having dinner...
wat a fag....
I could kick his ass....
Who would be ur premiere Ultimate Dumb Ass?
such a hater. Damn  if you want some just ask instead of bashing it.
go back to sleep! hahaha
That really sucks. :(
Texas is the best state(: Everything is bigger AND better in Texas!!! Bahah
I used to get pig's ears for our dog's Xmas stockings  but they were too irresistible!  For the dogs  not me  of course.
get your ass here !!!
Wow awesome question....I think my best achievement would be Finding who i am thats thee most important!!<33
fuck you and your weather...I will beat you soon with the california sun and constant 75 degree weather! You just wait and see!
For shizz lady. :]
Doh!  That sucks!
Are u a virgin?
being a control freak... it's like mental therapy to do stuff like Ann's.
aw  shucks. you did all the hard work. Still  good luck with all that  man. Moving is a real son of a bitch.  Happy New Year.
are you single?
everywhere :( its awful. ha
Yes she is by blood. Always has  always will be :)
Well don't because it's crude.
Well damn  that means you working wit something!  Lol..
Who's the best ninja you know
What was the best job you've ever had?
lmfao HURRY AND GET THE FUCKING LYRICS.
you're not a twitter slut until you show us full frontal nudity... so until then you're just a tease =P
you're the bitch :) fuck off.
UR a Chicken Cyber Punk! When a French Man came to kick your Ass  U put your Hands in your pockets and Cry like a Pussy! LMAO
and biggest. That would be a bad-ass name too. At least his middle name.
repeat
my ex  swore he wasnt wit a girl that kept calling  and had pics in tha cell of her.friend shyt my ass..never introduced me to ...
fuck off dude  don't waste my time  damn spam users again ...
its not. i just wanna remind u  frequently and vividly. and since i'm not talking about how gay u r...i've got  time on my side. 
damn yo I did!
rock  not the. He gives the emo populists limp wrist rocker throw.
Apriiiiiiiiiiiill!!! I miss uuuu! It's Emma btw haha
I HATE IT when that happens! Usually when I'm in a hurry :-/
I'm on my way just to get gas and saw a 314. Damn it.
Yeah I know hahaha. they just pop up out of nowhere!  :P
Know how you don't smell perfume you use a lot after a while? Same phenomenon w/stink. How else can you explain pig farmers?
Lmao   wantt me to rub itt ?!(:
u always got the fly ass profile pics. im jealous :( merry xmas numba!
Awww....me too! Are u a cheese slut like me (u love cheese + anything) or are u a cheese snob (Bergkse  Affligem  anyone)? ;)
if you could live anywhere in the world where would you live
Hints in icing are bad or good? Skywriting sucks unless the hint is a very short word. I'd suggest a delicious tag for nerds.
you're not a twitter slut until you show us full frontal nudity... so until then you're just a tease =P
damn  that was hard  my last attack: gnocchi! If you answer to this  you'll win
are you working?
still a student??
Well  you can send me two and get fat on the rest :)
i hate those DIY post office things here in #ALB. no matter what the lines are still insane.
retard?
Naw nee naw nee naww neee
yes yes  so gay.
dude that sucks!
Do you like Tom Cruise movies?
btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
im good (: + you bestfriend 
Do you dance in the shower?
I love fear factor!!!! btw..and i would rather do the cow intestine.
Ooh  You mean Whooty's   Wht grls w/ bootys  LOL! my lil bro put me on to that corny ass saying.
aww  I knoow  I hate that! :-P
What's the nicest thing someone's ever done for you?
usually during the week everyday. but on the weekends Im with timmy so not too often ;)
Wow! That sucks.
When you were little did you ever ask your parents to buy you an umbrella rainbow hat? i did haha!!!
What do you think is your most attractive feature?
your MIGHTY attractive  <33 ;D
Well  if he's a pussy  he surely isn't that man of  substance  your looking for lol...Don't settle when you know you want more.
Like fuck I am.
FUCK AT&T!
I nominate   for a Shorty Award in #design because...he designed the fail whale :-)
Being an atheist means we dont need to believe. We choose to believe either because their is no proof or because god has done nothing for us. We may not believe in god but we do believe there is good reason to not believe he exists.
hotel town whore is in the bed riding ol boy that treated her like shit and the freaky cop walks in the room
lol britt just said it look like a big ass pillow fight outside
#Paypal sucks. Someone is using my identity there and they refuse to do ANYTHING about it.
hahahhaha I hate that!
I remember when being snippy just meant I was trying to piss someone off... am I showing my age? :)
damn it i totally forgot that one!
Ilove my AT&Tcard.  It has worked great nationwide.  My Verizon card was good until the last update and since it sucks.
when can I meet your uncle??? Maybe he could give a wiki demo to our loser peeps!?
LOL!!! VIOLATOR IS THE TRUTH!!! HATE THEM AND U MUST HATE URSELF!!!
damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
Wow awesome question....I think my best achievement would be Finding who i am thats thee most important!!<33
what the? how the? damn it
You can never have a fat enough pipe for your wifi.
Yeah  those same ugly guys that do gay-for-pay. That's why I demand hot girl on girl action in my porn. Oh oh. Yeah.
Haha  damn him indeed
I hate those backgrounds because you can't click on any of those listed links. I find it frustrating.
All the players HATE Avery; it's almost funny if he didn't piss me off so much. We won Tuesdays game  but nobody remembers.
I should brush my bangs over my eyes and join you in emo grief.
whats ur fav tv showww? :D <3
I didn't know you were an avid football watcher. Is that even football? I think it is. Fuck sports.
because like everything you do  its ASS Backwards !!!!
I thought the joke was funny. I hate chicks who are all like  i like to do this and that nautity deed  then u get em alone and
That's...so gay it's painful.
its not a big deal
Cincinnati. You?
U wanna give me more... :p ...fuck me and feed me huh? LOL
too late  i hate you
That sounds like Charter.  I hate Charter.
Wow  that sucks!
Smack a bitch? :-D
HAIR PRODUCTS? I hear Hair Products?? lol i hear your getting beat up us girls do stick together...against them bad ass boys
i would hate that too. :(
Ay nena..this punk is outta control. His visit went well tho..they took his stitches off but he was actin like a lil bitch whe ...
That doesn't sound nice at all. As somebody who was made redundant with one day to trade last year with Swatch  I know it sucks!
Idk cause it has a great beat. Jim cracks corn and i dont care  jimmy cracks corn and i dont care... hahaha
Hey thx!  I just hate to have Win XP crash anymore than necessary.  That is why I have been so conservative.  I'm gonna try Chrome.
happy for you  sucks for me!  this should have been SNOW!
if anyone's a loser  it's YOU.
What do you think of Adrianne Torres :]
i hate sewing. Period.
What message would you want to put in a fortune cookie?
LOL! Yes  all hate mail goes to rockdog @annieburltalk.com and gets read live on the air LOL
its much easier when you realize the japs arent really people and that the enola gay should have done another flyaround.
have you watches JOE's APARTMENT? if so  how are you going to solve the problem with the cockroaches?
Quit the gay ex and you wouldt sleep so much
your mom sucks  BITACH!
move over give me some of that hate monday
D:!  That's horrible  ;__; This sucks.
wow that really sucks. LOL.
It's got a core of uranium  some damn thing  I don't know. Gets up there like Sputnik.
Fuck mod_Ella.....
    I hate Walmart anymore. I'm gonna have to start taking my own cart with spikes and barbed wire. Maybe flamethrowers.
you said fuck everyone!
Are you more of a proton or a neutron?
We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
LOLI hate 'em too. I try to eat clean now and get all of what i can from lean meats. For you I know is a different case. Protein bars?
yesssssssssssssss...its funny cause i hate the weather...but im gettin ready to move back to michigan on tuesday where its worse HA!
the office 100%
Would you ever save a prostitutes life?
my life to get back on track. ... oops i told. does that mean it wont come true?
Pah. Loser. ;) Haahaha. Well done fella. Very interested to chat to you about it sometime!
whats wrong with a monkey fuck? Lol i got my zippo fueled so no need of monkey fucks now lol
Ah. Gay!
Are you so in love with yourself?
fuck off
you should probably reattach your fucking ass for you have laughed it off.
it's their attempt at an instant messaging product  and it sucks.
The guy who runs it is a major dick  underpays or doesn't pay models. He's harassed me and belittled me.
some aerial shots of the Mitre 10 fire damn helicopters and their awesome vantage points
so fucking angry all the time
Arsclan would freak on u.  Tower Def. is build series of midieval like towers (upgradable) near a pathway of continual attacks.
usually during the week everyday. but on the weekends Im with timmy so not too often ;)
no prob  but watch out  it's fucking addictive!
They'd have had flying cars by 2015  too. I want my damn flying car  dammit.
Both? LOL! jk
way to not text me back DICK. :P
who wrote that please reply lol
point taken. fuck.
No. Only because if it were up to fate then noone truly has any choices in life. And well i don't like to be told what to do. I like making my own mind up! :]
nope.
lenee  that bo*o ass incense you gave me smells like an episcopalian funeral. lol! choked out saturday night  etc.
was just joking...hate people who act that way
I'm your fucking Da and I'm not gonna come in tomorrow :)
lolss yew nastyy
Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
damn work fire wall. can't go to myspace. :(
haha i think that would be impossible
Would you help a person who just tried to kill you?
oh  i hate it. self righteous people makes me want to scream.
Ye Olde Cock looks nice.
u32e1What impossible things did you believe today before breakfast?
Lemme make fun of you for crying at a dog movie for Pete's sake. Nerd.
oh wow  that really sucks. :/
you can do video after jailbreak. But still it's not a patch on the n95 camera. I really hate the iPhone cam.No settings at all!
srsly?? i hate MySpace bc it IS SO disorganized. yes fb is accumulating more apps and ads but not nearly as much as myspace
that's weird  because I hate them the second time I see them.  First time is ok but they get old quick.
HAHAHA NOPE! ...
okay
can u be a lamb  add a *gay* category to ur awards so I can nominate myself  others
hell yeah fucking losers lol
it was a good show...dude!  Did you call in gay  rotfl
seriously. so precious. I laugh every time i think of Nate rocking out to that shitty ass band.
social network whore!
Michael Jackson! haha wait wrong one  Michael Jordon i meant ahah
Pittsburgh needs to stop exporting all the CMU grads out to Cali. Damn Cali  w/ their great tech jobs  nice tans  fake boobs!!
ah shit that sucks!
haha naw pink fuck that! You just know what you want  and I feel you. whoo-hoo! lmao!!
DOGS LICK THEIR ASS...NEED I SAY MORE? DOG.
the weather is the same here.  I hate rain when it's cold :(
U stupid bitch. I said Its in my car u always at work or chillin with then regis niggas.  Don't piss me off.
Wouldn't it have been smarter for BET to do something on blacks in politics... Damn I hate that station!!
the punk ass pistons?
I don't always agree with you... but I do this time! Slow the hell down and stop getting so emo about it.
If I could __________ then I would.
ignorance is my guess  but this could very well turn into a nerd rant  and that would get   all worked up
because like everything you do  its ASS Backwards !!!!
Are your days full and fastu2013paced?
Are you a friendly person?
timothy. Lastnight for both.
eagle
damn your Jedi mind tricks!
Do you like traveling? How often do you think you ride in a car?
What is the worst thing you have lived through?
I think it was horrible and people forget that things like that have happened! It happened for reasons unbelievable but im sure its because the kid wanted attention and was just acting out in an insane way. Its hard to know why it really happened.
tell them to fuck off  give it a few years  then laugh at how much better you are then them.
crutches suck big time. i hate them lol. hope you get better soon! :P
haha hey
:D awhhh thankyou  your the best :)r loveyouto:D
phsycology. i like to learn about the brain
Damn woman you don't know your own strength.  LOL
what a loser. :P
I personally really enjoy watching people look at money. They have NO FUCKING IDEA how worthless it is  it's hilarious!!! LOLZ
ohh um this ones really hard lol well i like them all and i spose it was andy but its now bradie i guess haha i would choose them all if i had the choice lol =](i do like shaun to)
fuck betty she killed me...
NO. You're in BATH. You worked your ASS off for this. You're coming home to GREAT THINGS. Have FUN FUN FUN. NOW.
Jumprope
Name something you bought on your last trip to the store.
oh  i am fine. But she will not be if she doesn't shut her fat fucking mouth.
That doesn't sound nice at all. As somebody who was made redundant with one day to trade last year with Swatch  I know it sucks!
I just read ass pet a cat.  Adam...that's just wrong.  :P
what others do you have?
gahhhhhh....I hate them. HATE THEM. They come in on the pipes and through the heating vents to keep warm. BOOOOO.
well now I have to edit myself and you know how I hate that!
and that makes you feel like  lifes a bitch ...  well in my opinion anyway :P
dude you are such a fucken fagget ahahaha
That sucks man. Hopefully my apartment survives the break.
i know! who the hell gives you a baked potato with NOTHING on it? and a rinky dinky little ass steak? i'm hungry still. lol
every one laugh at the sad gay clown
aw man  that sucks!
such a hater. Damn  if you want some just ask instead of bashing it.
Whatu2019s your favorite shoe?
My problem is that bankers and investors have taken risks regardless of being told how bad things could fuck up.
UR a Chicken Cyber Punk! When a French Man came to kick your Ass  U put your Hands in your pockets and Cry like a Pussy! LMAO
no it's the 3rd one but damn is it awesome.
I ran a 300 customer hosting company for years on Apache.  I know how to set it up.  It still sucks ass.
damn.
lol who wrote this :/
doodle
why did you choose nursing?
Do you want me to cave in curly tops head????!?!?!?!?!
ok I don't care what   says about being PC bc that is SO queer. And ftr  my gay friends would say something worse! ;)
That's what yall call 'em now???  My piece?  Not wife  fiance  honey but piece. Damn shame...lol
Are you picky about spelling and grammar?
dropped off some old 3.5  floppies. A System Disk and Mac Paint.  Retro Mac crap kicks ass!  Photo: 
nerd!
it was fucking epic.  deck the halls with something about my dick 
no holiday is worth that! florida sucks! but happy new year!!!!!!
sucks man.
september 7th
*throws all 52 dollars in my pocket at you* Let me hit the MAC. Ill be RIGHT back. Hold that pose *forgets pin number* FUCK!
YOU'RE RETARDED NEVER MIND.
HAHA WHYYYYY do you hate my school!? NOOOOOO :(:(:
I know there's a bottle of bourbon in that house. Hit that shit! Tap dat ass!
Tabi isn't fake in anyways  so go suck a fat one. SERIOUSLY. I will beat your ass. I love you Tabi<3 ((:
Legos.
-- damn fool. you're a 247 workhorse!
might install now that you've acted as my guinea pig :D
damn I said happy new day lmaooo my druunk ass happy new years
san diego  we will be in la in february  is this a destination that you would enjoy? Your cock will feel awesome!
its not my bedroom  but tan. blahhh
Well damn you just made this Jersey boy drool alittle. That's how I like to see my Jersey women step out. You have great feet 2
dont worry im not anywhere near that club 2nite..ghetto ass poetry club
following your link  Had been recommended them by a music freak friend before but never followed through. I like the video
well find him and kick his butt too! I hate it when people take advantage of the mentally challenged.
I thought the same thing  he should have just hauled ass.
:)))
God that was a fun night  I want to relive it...we danced in wall mart to betoven bahahaha
that sucks!
hey...jus saw ur itinerary ....pretty busy schedule... will definitely cum out dere...werever in mumbai u cum...2 meet  ...
Do you conform or make your own path?
uhmmm 
its sunny now. summers ahead of us.
Faggoty fag fag. Gay secks man blowjob. Settle down.
Damn  you mean I could have been rescued last night? Well fuck.
thats looks damn good bradda
got it .. and I have read that! Gonna re-read tho..Im stuck and have been for a while..sucks! Thx for help--love ur stuff.
newegg.com.... once u know  u new egg.... can get a 500 gig for fucking 30 bucks on there
no! I think UofA's navy jerseys on white pants rule.  And all red sucks. But seeing BYUs colors  I guess all red makes sense.
move over give me some of that hate monday
i have to go inside of you tomorrow. i hate myself every time i am in you. i feel cheap and dirty.
Yayyyy! Damn irish bitch! Congratulations!
dam..she cold and she cold in live..by any means necessary you gotta do what you gotta do except for hate of course..lol
Hey  73% growth in eBooks.  They could have been sitting FAT if they'd raise their bets there!
Always wear your seat belt?
Nooo unfortunately.
Is the xbox controller involved in that to-do list? If so  I'm jealous. Damn you  productivity!
Twitter
haven't the Palestinians suffered enough without having to deal with that fat fool......heh
what would be your course if your current course didn't exist?
I'm up too! whoopee fuck! not hung over AT ALL!
Black or White?
damn that caller ID
bitch you wanna go? Ill kick your ass
but damn  dropping ice cream on your CHEST??? what an awesome visual.
Your John Mayer  My Jacks Mannequin. Andrew McMahon is my LIFE SUPPORT. Not to sound emo or anything ahaha
I hate all my clothes at the moment too. That is why I like shoes and scarves. They always look good.
Cincinnati. You?
Pretenders come to mind! Damn.
Damn. I've actually reformatted the drive several times. Eventually becomes read only every time :(
you are welcome to spend the night any time... but next time you steal the covers  I'm gonna cunt punt you. Not really. :)
He's so fucking annoying. I would just tell him fuck off and it's his fault he has an unverified address :/
Marc got home ok...but said he might've fuckied his rim up. I told his ass the pierogies  sausage wwere gonna knock him out....
Thanks so much re: the video. It was a pain in the ass to make  but I'm glad I did. :)
awesome. now getchur ass to work.
best of luck to you. That sucks but you'll be glad you did it. You need to come wrestle sometime
bitch you love me!
WOW YOUR A BAD ASS... HAHA
gotta love brandon! damn!
hahhahahahahah i love you.r MARKERS! a new blue and a new purple one. please :Dr crayola :)
touche (i hate getting SHUT DOWN. I guess that's what I get when I pray for humility.) at least I am a better student t ...
everyone but not Real... I know we might win this all easy  but if we don't win this  I would hate Real so much. DO NOT WANT
damn I'm behind
Two.
Its freaking me out. 1999 wasn't long ago. But 10 years. FUCK.
i update from my phone a lot  you can add twitter as a contact. damn bsa is getting all high tech.
There's some dude at this bar that totally looks like you. Should I kick his ass for impersonating?
Lykee OhhEmmGee  Hiii Mikey 
i hate you
Damn! Sounds like heart attack inducing combo.
Hmmm perhaps?
damn man kn frnd e
  aw shucks you guys...are gay.
How many times were you on the phone to someone today?
Drake.  He knows his mother was a bitch.
Pretty sure it's CO2 and H2O produces sugar  but damn that was a long time ago
Fucking great movie!! Made my girl sit down  watch it the other...I got drunk and she cried...I love that movie....
Sure
That's...so gay it's painful.
where are you from thn 
Looked at pasteninja and think it's great. You should use Pig Latin for your translation test. Set browser to  la  for testing. :-)
damn  shorten isnt work  here is the link 
Hi April!!!
Haha no  I mean that I love the money  my coworkers  but hate how much time the jobs take up. It is fun to hate them though.
Oh  I would hate that too.  Three apps? That would barely get me started.
oh well 2 baddddd
holy shit I'm not even taking that class  and I hate it 
damn 'reply' button ... -.-
den dats different if she kute but not to skinny
I do but it sucks at scrabble.
Have you ever been bitten by a dog?
already looking at 5 shows so damn excited hope to do SPAC
oh there you go! HA are we rebels or what? damn we should have our own show.
DAMN  that kinda sucks... I'll be back on jan 2 so i wont be   lipservice the 29th :-( {tear} I'll vacation for both of us
lol idk
that sucks    plays this game called cube crash that she really likes. You should check it out.
i've yet to be impressed with anything from his mouth. He was pissed I wouldn't drive from coweta to pick his drunk ass up
apologizing for overactive hormones SUCKS.
you came up with angry gay guy...
damn -- 
oh hot damn!
Sure! Like tell me wht u wnna know?! Like wht do you use?!
i hate when i miss mac chats! grrr
Good morning.
you like painting?
you just shamed my people tabi.. you like making black rappers feel bad huh? makes you feel powerful? still you rock
your LAME ass  oviously iloveyouhh moree. (;
In 1386 a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child. How did the pig kill the child?
ass felching sounds kinda redundant
You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
hahahaha thanks i think? did you call me beautiful? thats a first <3
i couldnt agree more. HATE sandra lee!
Haha Im not sure  its just natural ;)
you ass. Yay Walmart!
Closed usually
Elequant. Its how I do. haha Dress nicely. I don't really dress myself to get other guys attention. I like to look pretty is all
that sucks :(
and last q for the moment..........is duck tape made out of ducks?
how so? It's more reasonable cause of the smaller age difference...plus Mikey's always sex deprived so he's a fucking animal.
Huh!? That doesnt make sense  Guns something! lmao Come again!? lol
heh! ping me if you do come down to gay paris. We can interview eachother on the red carpet :)
i kicked ur ass on balloono A.K.A the bommer man thing i was lameguest(bunch of numbers)
how fucking sad is the OVA of Samurai X...i didn't want to watch that.. fuck i almost cried.. lol :P jk
Toldja. Actually  the whole thing gets less emo at some point in the archives. And I feel like it's getting even better.
Haha  damn him indeed
Did you just call your mum a cunt? :O
sorry  you have no cred. Two words: pig ears
Robert :) Sorry I hate when I miss type names
magenta and white :]
LOL  no he said  What do you call a jail cell to a gay guy? Paradise! ahaha.
you came up with angry gay guy...
Do you collect people in jars? If so what type of people and why? If you wont put bodies in jar's how else do you intend on disposing of you're victims bodies? Ask a question back? :)
Urgh   this is difficult to answer haha! Umm prob. fixing computers! ha yes i said it im like a WIZ at fixin comps that MYSELF and MOM destroy! AHAHA!
U know they all the same dame spot! I bet ya'll got the same damn middle eastern type of cats cooking that crack up too!
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t! Damn where all the white women at! Come on! Hahaha (so is that why celebs  crossover  when they make it)
why do you eat so much you fat bastard
the iced media party. Long ass day at the office  time for a drink or 3
I'm not stalking you Tab but who is this rude person? They are making me mad at how they are talking to you. I know we don't get along alot but I love you and I don't like these idiots being little b words to you. Ssaam
Good morning  sunshine! ^^
no I haven't tasted my own pussy. I don't bend that way.
Sorry man  hope you stop ass bleeding soon. (wow that was awkward just thinking about it)
Nope not yet :)
Did this fucking work? (Who's not irritated by the blackberry shit taking forever)
I fucking hate Rachel Ray.
do u have a cool anagram for your name
Damn............I guess he has a life :(   hahahahahha
fuck you  do you know how cold it was in nyc today?!
LOL well it's funny as hell they got two fat asses trying to fit threw some small holes.
I lovee youu<33
Hot or Cold?
i L o v e Y u h h     (:
lmao ikr. I knew you would hate it. I couldn't watch it without laughing hysterically
Eat twat   you twitter whore.
epic fail meaning it sucks? Hopefully
my bad
by a str8 terms technically no penetration means you still have ur vcard but in gay terms she isn't a virgin. sex is sex
i didnt call in gay either. but my company donated 100 g's to support No on prop 8. ::shrug:: squaresies  i guess.
Who was the last person to make you laugh the hardest?
I dont even want to talk about it. and stress is overrated. i just dont like to think about it
followed! follow me also :)
better give   the #nerd prize. he's the nicest nerd i know.
ooops that message was for your ass! LMAO!
aw that sucks.
if you were black  that last one would be so damn racist
-Hellz yeahh(: of course i'm qoinqq i wannah b with you quy's  like duhh<3
Alexis Sister<3(:
do you like Boosie and whip your ass for a STRAIGHT HOUR. WHATTA WORKOUT!
Dude. That  Sleeps with Angels  song can straight up have my ass bawling. I also love the song  Hey Hey  My My  and Harvest Moon
What a router-nerd.  Building an end table.  Just rough work to practice.
That's ass. I know how u feel. I dropped mine on the street last week and cracked the screen. But I stil have mine...sorry :(
Proton definantly. Positive polly yes i am :]
Are you double jointed?
OOGA BOOGA FOOCHA FUCK YOUR WHOLE DAY!!!!!!!!
 if anyone gets tired of my questions or just generally annoyed with being spammed please let me know. I am not here to bother anyone! Thank you!
or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
immortal? invincible  privileged  all-powerful  above-da-law  I-am-da-law  da ends justify da means  I don't give a fuck I'm IT...
hahhahahahahah i love you.r MARKERS! a new blue and a new purple one. please :Dr crayola :)
Ordering Pizza Online??? Now thats some Fat Boy shyt!! :)
it was in reference to his gay suit
WAT IS A DERO
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
what would you do if you were wading through a river and all of a sudden a fish jumped out of the water and puked on your shoulder and then called you a fucking bitch?
NICE! Kicks my 200 Cain Concepts ass! and I thought I was living large. :)
is spreading hate and mistruths...somebody school him #gaza
no grown man should include DIP in his sentence....lol...I know I'm hatin but fuck it I'm lookin   snow..lol
house cum sounds good too! :D
but they love me for it. none of them giggle. its a love/hate thing they got goin with me =)
N!GG  YUH K!ND  GOT DAT LIL WAYNE THANG GO!N 0N
What's your favv waterpark to go to? :]
look im sitting at home twittering my ass off on a friday night. I should know better then anyone  lol
What do you think about mothers who go out and get trashed? (Personally I think it's irresponsible.)
haha yeah probably.
Your John Mayer  My Jacks Mannequin. Andrew McMahon is my LIFE SUPPORT. Not to sound emo or anything ahaha
yeah we do... damn this time difference *HUGS*
sucks about the cold but great about the mental state :-)
  hate me for it later  but it's not bad
you are fucking killing me. Please come to a party at my house next time yer in LA. Rice pilaf will be ready
nahhh not really
yo... you should have another show tomorrow cuz we had to record the past two days... damn albums...
Fuck no  I don't feel silly. I worked hard for that.
i have never dyed my hair
Do you regularly watch the news?
get a life you twisted bitch!
bollocks fuck tits wank cunty cunter.......there you go now I'm worse than you....should buy you a few more naughty words....
Would you ever sell drugs if you were poor?
yr gay voice =]
its dumb
No....Always been happy....never quite gay...
  Cock your gun.
i love your hair.
r u  Frances still talken?
oh man that sucks. I'm sorry. Sucks to live with people who are dirty..trust me  I can relate.
whats the operating system on it? i have windows vista and vista sucks bad..it is full of bugs still. shuts down and freezing alot
haha thanks.
what do you use then? cuz I hate Itunes
no prob.. that's a good point! =( man this sucks...
I ran a 300 customer hosting company for years on Apache.  I know how to set it up.  It still sucks ass.
kcs got a nice body  but shes insane. taryns got a nice rack  but shes a bitch.
If you could have an endless supply of any food  what would you get?
you said  sucks  and I said why does it suck? LOL
that sucks. People are stupid.
i dont care if its him or his ppl ... i care if its authorized or a poser squatting
lmao you lie....major please? I'm always in a damn sewing lab til they kick me out...I guess you will be my new fake bf  LOL
YAY OR NAY OR GAY?
Is Truculence his band's name?  That is BAD ASS.  It would make a great rockabilly band name  too.
yeah but zro rly is the eMo city don
emo-hair+hip hop-fitted hat
You tell them to Fuck Off. They'll listen
depends on your plan. if you pay out the ass for it  no.
dude that sucks man!
I can't help that you keep looking for gay midget porn on YT. The volume is too loud for you but I like blaring my Celine Deon.
I meant ready 2 fuck:) lol Hope u have something wild and freaky in mind. I'm bored :)
im sad there's only 15 more minutes left! i hate how it shows only once a week lol
ass.
bitch what  hahaha. j/k.
damn that is purely awesome!
your welcome :) sureee
iguess yew dnt fucks wit mhe anymo
I should brush my bangs over my eyes and join you in emo grief.
If my questions bother you please let me know. Cause I am sick of IDK Answers. Seriously I am. Like badly.
Hahaha ohhhhh  hi :))
Love it but I don't it too much currently
;(
maybe
what would the worse prank EVER be?
Thanks.  It will get better on tomorrow when I have some help.  Managing 3 under 6 when 2 are sick (+ me) sucks.
AAYE!!!  richard gre is NOT gay-re :P
Sure is  and it's about damn time too! The whole LJ server move screwed it up for a bit.
  I an wistfull that it will happen soon..damn sick of being on my own...one more week an counting
it is not only terrible... it really sucks.
LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
the cock is just a figure head on favrd
damn lisa ..your ribs sound soooooo goooood!!  I'll have to try marinating them next time.
i love you to :)r thanks people are lameee
You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
Haaaaaaaaa  damn Jay
i hate you! i want to be in bed :(
that song is fully barfworthy. Only song Nas ever did that was worse was fucking Nastradamus aka the song that made me hate Nas
Did you know that you remind me of an old man?
hehehe. mine pleasure. Btw I too so loves it  when people be presumptous pricksy wicksies! feel jolly nice for me ass to rub on.
You forgot the  magic  word:  Ahem  allow me...  Please  fuck you...  There now.
then ur game sucks. no crue  not buying it.
that! and I hate the plane-gobblin!
your parents tell you that you need to change your name into any animal name that you want.. what would be your name?
 if anyone gets tired of my questions or just generally annoyed with being spammed please let me know. I am not here to bother anyone! Thank you!
Oh no! I hope you're okay. I've taken a tumble on many escalators in the T  and it sucks every time. :(
Hey  hows yah momma?!
If laughter is the best medicine  whos the idiot who said they died laughing?
God damn. That's some stocking up.
Ya i fixed the name but i just made this cuz i don't like being anonymous ahaha sept when i make up lame pickup lines
Lobsters and ligatures? Are you a Portland-area type nerd  then?
lol.. hate u both..
I remember trying one of those when my teen was a little one.  Those damn tents make u wanna commit murder!
but you know what i hate  the comments that are anonymous that i can't figure out who they are.
ohlala dago ktny tmpt nongkrong gay :D
bitch you wish.
What famous person do other people tell you that you most resemble?
damn straight. one of the guys here only just made it out alive
lol kevin bought me damn near nothing and we dated for over 10 months. my life sucks.
Any special reason for the hate?
I freakin HATE THAT and anyone that knows me this is a top peeve of mine!!
Nope not that im aware of
How would they define failure anyway? People giving up and going back to reruns of The Biggest Loser?
I didn't think about drinking every time she said  maverick.  Damn. Could have done it every time she talked about energy  too.
I think that's another one that I haven't seen that makes me eligible for gay card revocation
you must REALLY hate Christmas then!
i hate you.
Way to go loser  how does it feel to be an inanimate objects bitch? Must feel terrible to NEED something to be normal. Shame on you!
hate. you.
Hey  don't knock the Port+OJ until you've tried it.As cold remedies go  you're still sick but no longer give a damn. ;)
Suave. Its cheap and gets the job done. haha
  It takes a real scumbag to steal from a community. Whoever stole the foosball table can bet I will fuck you up.
I prefer women to be fat in other places  anyway.  Fat toes and earlobes are so cute.
damn 'reply' button ... -.-
And I HATE gangsters .
If you could ask Barack Obama one question what would it be?
argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
SMILE4MEXXX IS TRAILER TRASH. A RACIST FAT COW. A BIMBO FUCKING SLUT. AND WORTHLESS AS HELL. ALL SHE'S GOOD FOR IS SOMEONE USING HE BODY FOR SEX AND DUMPING HER ON THE STREET WHEN THEY'RE DONE USING HER ;)
retard?
i would probably try about 2050965967 ways to stop it. ninja to protest. and i would be disapointed in whoever didnt try.
don't buy it....1 study  many people don't want to see solar go anywhere (fat cats)...they've been fighting it for 40 years.
We miss you back. My Haiku: Famous Dickenson  Exactly Why  I'm not sure. Her poetry sucks.
You suck dick.
fat bastard
fuck off!!!
ahhh that's fucking hilarious
  oooh shit i forgot what i was gonna tell y'all -_O UMMM oopsie...ugh i hate my short term memory
Visited your site and love what you stand for  lots of people share the love of the biz and hate the way it's been abused
Wrote a song about it. Like hear it  here it go:  Duck bitch Duck-I throw my left shoe out-Duck bitch Duck 
I don't believe in a lot of specialty kitchen gadgets  but I cling to my potato ricer and my popover pan. Carb freak? :)
what does it take to make you smile 
FOR REAL!!!! I NEED TO JUST STOP!!!! REALLY!!!! FUCK!!!!!
If you knew someone was going to die would you tell them?
ok! where is it then? send that bitch to me!! haha!
How often do you get sick?
MUSE. I want to see them live real bad.
Why do people say be yourself then they dislike people for being themselves?
what're you wearing right now?
no. I hate taylor she used to b firey until she dyed her hair
..........I hate SUVs. They're a great big ugly road hazard as far as I'm concerned. And very few people really NEED them.
Watz gud
  I think the thing to note here is that everyone has an emo phrase re: romance in high school and eventually it blows over
  aw shucks you guys...are gay.
FUCK.
...i love my job and would hate to miss it...I'm depended upon and especially this week I'm needed for our toddlers parties
Thanks coke whore!
I don't bother arguing that about Bush anymore because people who admire him have damn near no power post-2008 elections.
Convo...but knowing he worries  kinda sucks. However  knowing he's fierce to protect kidlets-good.
fuck off
ugh  you know ro fucking reminded me about red bull.  i told her when i wake up my bibingka's gonna be sore. )-: nightmares!!
dude that sucks. On NYE nonetheless. Got a sore throat myself  hoping it's not strep. :-(
u whore...
the b/f sounds like a winner to me!! Lol just messin but damn thats a crappy situation to be in :(
  I made a spice cake for  @polomex....cum git sum!
I'll love him in the biblical sense  just as soon as they chop his emo hair off.
dont bother with low fat brownies
ahhh. Best fucking yak ever
have you ever experienced feeling the urge to fart inside the elevator? tell me what happen. =)
i cant tell you that because it would give it away...but i didnt know you personally last year...
I don't know about that... Drew's ass is pretty tiny.  :)  Knees work too... except Drew's knees don't work...
Chrisssy!!??? hahahahah Chantelle  Alesha Kailee? Tori?? LMFAO iddkkkkk
lol yeah  I coulda told you that cuz I'm a big fucking dorkass about that movie as wel all very well know :) I actually had a dream
Some liberal gay atheists or Republican fund raisers should jump on that. ;)
then by all means  bitch away! haha.
What's your favorite food?
hahaha i dont know it. i think i need to research some of the carrie underwood songs before i go lol
Do you like candy necklaces?
LOVE IT
Being hermit because I kewl like that!  kewl  meanin'  loser  lol jks
So Fucking Epic 
I hate stupid people.
the punk ass pistons?
Have you ever been cow-tipping or snipe-hunting?
Damn those Mythbuster guys! Anyone who works or lives in Alameda must be crazy anyway!
I have before. but its been a while. I can do anything :)
If heat rises  shouldn't hell be cold?
damn ... that sounds real appealing now. Maybe geothermal coupled with wind and solar ... tho maybe heat coils take too much power
Damn. Oh well  I can't raise my hand for every question. ;-)
omg i hate scottiethehottie!! he is a retarded spammer!! he is photographer08 (it got deleted ...
what would the worse prank EVER be?
Yo  baby! Ain't nobotty gona luv u like I gona luv you. That other boy just be a pretender and a poser. My luv be duh real thang! :)
we're talking threatening your ability to do business in a professional  not-over-the-top way. w/o being a cunt  somehow.
what the? how the? damn it
That sucks.  Life can't really be that bad  right?  Chocolate does always help.
What dead person would you least want to be haunted by?
Have you ever used drugs?
8 fucking am.
fuck yeah!!
alright. The test is on Monday and I'm gonna be studying my ass off.
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t! Damn where all the white women at! Come on! Hahaha (so is that why celebs  crossover  when they make it)
Then you should make fun of her for not looking at your ass.
omgomgomg those shoes with the little flower holy fuck i want them
i hate u like miniature dogs hate people dressing them in t-shirts and little booties.
jacob sucks  i hate the werewolves  im with the vampires GRR
That's all for tonight  peeps.  Remember to send me a message in my inbox if you don't want any further questions from me.  :)
lol im telling yew
Twitter.
telling someone that you dont love them back. ive had to do it and it is so tough to say.
lol  but what was the rumor? Gah I feel like I'm back in High School  I wanna fuck up whoever says shit about Dave  he's kickass
and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min  out!
damn. Dude look like he was gonna be alright?
it's emo because you used a razor. An explained joke isn't funny. :(
Hmm..sloth is what came to mind lol but its not really what I wanted. haha maybe  dragon :]
damn bossman  let find out u got 2 jobs. what are u  a single parent or somethin'?
#Paypal sucks. Someone is using my identity there and they refuse to do ANYTHING about it.
dont hate too hard!  it hasn't been very warm here lately!
  Fucking Twitter  ok can I come see it?
yeah but zro rly is the eMo city don
all day son all day GBG grab ya cock if ya love hip hop
goddamn it kj...fuck you 58 times 
check it on your wii  whore.
fuck off dude  don't waste my time  damn spam users again ...
Great! Now I've got that damn   Thank you for being a friend...  song stuck in my head...your dream is my nightmare.
I was able to view  Windows --  IE is NOT the most recent  can't remember the damn #'s
FUCK YEAH RYAN ROSS. il his lyrics way more than wbeckett's tbh  i donut care if they make no sense. BTW rolling stone FAILS.
Oh  Hannah  I am so  so sorry for your loss. I've done the deathbed vigil and it sucks. I hope your pain eases with time. Love
work stressing over this damn AE meeting we are having   11am.
yes.. flickr upload photo its sucks on eventbox.. huhuhu *tooos* gw juga gak make digg sama pownce
HATE THAT...happened to me today i was like...YOUR WELCOME *cut eye* and walked back out lol
Son of a bitch!
hey do you have a hairy ass i would love to put my tounge deep in you
Well get your ass busy!
  OMG...Margeaux can reach this octave range that I swear makes me see red! and she knows it. grates my fucking nerves
Pause and type quick notes  then edit at the end. I'd use a recorder but I hate transcribing. It's really helped my typing speed.
Do words really hurt you?
SWEEET you've just become cooler in my book or as someone said earlier today.. kick ass... so 80's :)
:]
idk lol
Sounds like good times. I'm in the office until 7:00 and then I'll probably go for a run. I'm a fat boy getting fatter.
She's actually latina with a thick ass accent but she thought that I was lying about not speaking spanish to avoid talking to  ...
Oh wow! How do i know you? :)
you can take the girl out of the hood but you can't take the hood out of the girl. Detroit didn't make me a pussy that's forsure
id die if he was super antsy i wanna request vacation and know when my shows r damn it first series anyway
Eff yeah! give   and   a slap on the ass for me
fuck you  merten.
 W @N+ YUh 2 T3  M  PU$$$Y UHP
and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min  out!
have you every used a turn dial phone?
Rooster is LARRY'S bitch!
nahhh
Do you believe in ghosts?
Both? LOL! jk
depends on your plan. if you pay out the ass for it  no.
my trainer likes to play games when I'm on the treadmill. He'll move the speed up and down up and down just to fuck with me
I like to walk away from a situation yes. before it escalades and things are said and felt that aren't needed.
Damn cat. She snuck into Aidan's CRIB (1st time) he woke screaming  went in  he was squeezing her  she was kicking his tummy.
damn that's fucked up Hawthorne is out of the way
The 401 always sucks between Cobourg and Kingston. I'll be doing that joyous trek on Boxing Day to visit the relatives.
What do you grab to drink when you're hot  sweaty  and thirsty?
If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
damn that is shady. Why would they put out a false report?
Tell me something about you that most people dont know.
Tell me about something youve achieved?
 Big Ass  was this past weekend and went well  #2 (Last Minute Maul) is this weekend.
You suck dick.
looooooove them!
damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
Name a movie or movies you can watch over and over?
damn we got BWNT  where you headed tonight?
yer damn right.  I bet that show was amazing.
yeah :)
bitch better save me one!
twitter is like elvis  love it or hate it  but thousands of fans can't be wrong  read into it :) 
Huh!? That doesnt make sense  Guns something! lmao Come again!? lol
NOONONOONONNNOONONNONONONOONON cock mongler..... you didn't eve nstraighten it...
Kick ass  as usual... Give me a shout via DM or email once you're done with the training  okay? Thanks  Matt. sk
famous! :P
Yah  you'd think I'd lose some FAT doing' all this shovelin'. But I guess eating brownies when I'm done negates something! Hah
Awesome...Love it or Hate it...An Atmospher of Change...is HERE
Hahaha! that looks so emo...poor guy thats y i prefer drums
D:
I guess. so
Dude they dont finish enclosing the fucking showers. I hate half assed jobs. Whats the reasononing behind it? Makes no sense.
YOU KNOW IT BITCH. :D
i'm giving you a heart cuz i'm assuming this is me and byron  if not i hate u but here 3
Ya know  you can take full credit for memeing   cock-measuring fetish. I won't argue.
Because you just stated that there is a minimal chance Zombs will invade  they will now! Damn you romy!
totally agree dude. Pushed carts at Safeway for 2yrs in hs  people are fucking retarded
and you're a smug cunt  so it must be true!
okay. Fuck me. Way to start the new year.
don't hate. we'll get you a present too. just turn around. :)
Im dead serious.Real athletes never cheat don't even have the appearance of at his level. Fuck him dude seriously  I think he did
thank you :)
How can sweet and sour sauce be sweet and sour at the same time?
So true  so true.  Lame ass people are now officially off my radar!!!! Bu-bye!
i hate sewing. Period.
dead ass lol
and the arabs pussy count reaches 250 million. There I said it  we're all a bunch of pussies. No offence to the pussies
imagine a building. not any building...a fucking 300 acre building full of weed....not any weed...but Caucasian Monkey-fuck Weed!
not often. i dont download much at all
reaction. its weird but  i love it haha
Reid I made it!  urghhh... I hate shopping. The trauma of it sent me hiding under the covers. Or maybe that was the cold.
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t! Damn where all the white women at! Come on! Hahaha (so is that why celebs  crossover  when they make it)
I like them. How'd you know?
We are flat broke. Ihave a year of paid hosting left on Bluehost. What can a broke ass ho do? Eh?
Smack a bitch? :-D
I HATE that. I have a rhomboid  almost triangular 'washcloth' from learning bark sedge stitch. I use it to scrub the bathroom.
Get Shit Done Day is almost over  fuck it  you should come
fuck Dreamhost. that is all.
fuck you haha
You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
And we are having a pig roast and beef and goodies tonight before midnight with some of the people  I'm going to be dead tomorow
Ohhh well i didnt know you were doing that  you know since the questions come backwards to you..hahhaa sorry about all the show your face comments. hahha
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
damn  that sux
iWill
damn I want some Frenchys... A 3 piece white with fries and cornbread.
i lovee joiee<3
that sucks *hugs* :(
Do you watch the Gilmore Girls?
Dick Clark looked sloshed last night? I was thinking animatronic.
Yeah. I let them know. Surprisingly it was easy to find creepy pics of Bob and Gerard. The sig sucks  but gets the point across.
so hows life in your neck of the woods?
Its nearly 8pm Mon...coming to u from the future and it looks damn great (madhouse prerequisite  a healthy dose of insanity)
Ah me. by griffen house :] idk why. It just makes me happy
im sad there's only 15 more minutes left! i hate how it shows only once a week lol
do you think youre more serious or sarcastic?
Wtf. Fuck you
Whoa. Quite a heavy-hitter to hang out with the vagabonds and tellers of dick jokes. Guess we know who to blackmail first.
Ur gunna get jumped. U stupid bitch.
 @petie_martin...shondor shabbos  that's what...shut the fuck up  donnie
none
umm just put on sum gloves Jia...damn stop being so prissy lol
bojangles? damn you! so jealous.
i hate having to wait till jan. for the big game lol tedious i tell ya
Lulz. OK. Internet Explorer sucks.
Then report Cheyenne if your the real deal!!!! Vvv btw your cute jbatman (;
pls do....i was gon call molly maids up in this piece. i hate cleanin with a passion so early spring cleanin is some mf'in bull
If you had to perform at the circus  what trick would you do?
dude.  she's fugly.  i think ur a desperate ass cam perv.
I'm actually pretty happy about myself currently. Buuut if I could  I guess it'd be to be a little taller so I could be a model. :] haha
September 22nd<3
gay + high on crack + Razor sharp vagina? sounds like   to me
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
Ugh  ok... I hate NYC also. Hmmm. thinking...We are having a Screening on the FOX Lot that week. Maybe u can roll through?
hahaha i don't hate german  just a couple of germans. Guten morgen!
There are two types of people in the world: those using  lol  ironically  and those that are fucking twats who deserve to die.
Hey  don't hate on NC.  They got bought out by PNC and alot of people are losing their jobs.  Cleveland has a sad face...
What is your current desktop picture?
jealous! I will still hug u  lick ur face off  grab ur ass  and dry hump u a little bit when I c u.  Whatever!
From what I've gathered the hate is because they're like a mainstream Christian band. And the mainstream hates Christian music
uh uh u fucking bitch. haha dont take any coats  skinny jeans  slippers  gloves  bomber hats  or scarves.
she doesnt want to scar you for life like i could.  cant talk her into sending you the video of they guy with the jar in his ass.
just read the archive artile on your old site. love the jones comparison. how much hate mail did you get?
AJ is a good bop too. Now I want Pettite or Sheets.  FUCK Lowe.  I want a pretzel
Ewwwwwweyy.
Dam Right. Fuck em
I hate when I see people doing that. I am with you on that one. Why do people think that is okay?!
Yes  I had a guinea pig when I was a kid. Cute but not as smart as a potbelly.
HAHA that SUCKS! i'd be sooo pissed. i think i found my glory zone where to shoot  though  so i might get 300 tonight  lol.
wow that sucks! well i wish you luck with all that :) i am going to crash so have a good night ok and stay warm.its freezing here
i was up till 2 am messin wit toys and batteries.  now i got a lil t-rex making noise in my house.  Damn noisy toys.
I agree with you... just hate that we're going to be hearing about it. Only hoped for their loss so Mack could move on and grow up.
Hey my names harry beaver;) <3
Honey  we all hate long division.  Look for things to hate that make your personal hate list special and distinctive.
stop stealing my schtick  whore!
hippies hate that stuff... too chemical-y. This is true when used in ENORMOUS amounts.
i had eyeliner on once but it kept smearing cause i'd fuck with it too much
and most of them are ugly and fat..lol
oh wow dude thst one hell of a kick ass mission!
yup!  Fat Albert is next
okay. Fuck me. Way to start the new year.
diz grul name kiya y?
Injections don't work in Vista? I tried in XP  didn't work there either  crazy bug or something :(. Damn you C++ Win32 API!
lol maaan-fuck this!! I almost busted my shit like 5 times tryna walk on this damn ice!!
Quit the gay ex and you wouldt sleep so much
first off you knew her ass was going to become one either way she was already engaged to e married so of course she sealed the deal
ok  I had to say cock-blocked cuz  you know  it's a rooster. But apparently favrd doesn't like me
and the arabs pussy count reaches 250 million. There I said it  we're all a bunch of pussies. No offence to the pussies
YES. Because I want to go to the moon. I want to know if its made of cheese :)
If rabbitsu2019 feet are so lucky  then what happened to the rabbit?
not shailee. me of coarse. :)
me too. So entertaining. Dude you watch this mvie called trailor parl of terror. Fucking brilliant.
im not sure actually. I guess how ever many I am blessed with :]r r but like 3-6 would be awesome. i like big families!
What is your favorite outfit yu own 
Good John John(:
God Damn !! Ok ... How about Peter Duncan then 
Hahaha!  Well take care then. We would hate to lose you to your homeland anyways.  Come back safe!
or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
WPMU can go fuck itself
that wat u get for sayin u wasn't impressed lmao. The parkin tickets a bitch though
THE NEW FUCKING GENERAL OF THE WORLD  THAT'S WHAT.
Whatever... I just hate how the popularity of bands seems to inversely affect how much people are allowed to like them
FUCK AT&T!
says  no more pizzas for the situation room! or else we will be fat when the war is over... 
physical? hmm..uhh I guess that would be when I crashed going wayyy to fast down a hill on rollerblades in a dress and I fell into dirt that was better than concret but sure felt just as hard. Scraped all my legs  elbows and hands up. It hurt lol
If you give money to charity  which one do you usually give to?
Should have read  Dont forget to enter my contest  But it chopped off the  est  What a whore...LOL
You wanna be my secret Santa? I didn't even know I could build wishlist in iTunes. I am so behind the curve. Loser... I know.
hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up 3333 ya
Fuck the pics!   WE WANT VIDS!!
Damn skippy.
you said fuck everyone!
lilgego1youngg @yahoo.com
 Nazi and Facist... I could you call you a commie pig  but that's not very gentleman-like #Gaza
way to fuck up a perfect opportunity to call yourself Z-Co!!!!
not that im aware
lmao
If nobody buys a ticket to a movie do they still show it?
i SENT it!!!!!!!! u'll prob get it in like a billion years since cingular SUCKS!!!!
Believe it or not  both of my parents know how to text  and my dad is over 60. They sooo kick ass.
HOW DID YOU MET YOUTUBE BITCH?
damn -- 
damn that is shady. Why would they put out a false report?
Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
-- damn homie ... in highschool you was the man homie. fuck happened to you?
But Vader had a cool clubhouse... tils his even whinier and more emo son blew it up
I hate to make you grumble so  wackiland!
What's one thing you own that you should probably throw away  but never will?
M33+ m3  @+ d  m  0n m0nd    !ll q!v3 yuh d  b3$+ b3(ky 3v 
sucks 2 b washed up.. gangstas paradise was the shit
that sucks!!!!!!!!!!  I really wish I could head down now just to much crap to do before I leave.
damn that sucks
Damn straight. I just don't understand it. I was born thinking like this. I'd like to believe everyone else was  too... we'll see.
Do you put anything on your spaghetti Bolognaise?
Damn! This is deadly  keep em coming! :P
I hear you can cook your ASS off!!! =)
uh bitch wtf is that suppose to mean?
what do you mean? what drama did you cause?
.....I.Hate.Him. He's.... UGGG!
it's cos we're old now. sucks.
Wilt fresh spinach with hot bacon fat and top with bacon!
i guess i would gett fat  and have a baby 
hahaha we would FUCK up some autotune. mo'fos would forget about T-Pain. word is bond. real talk talk. son.
Do you think people that are curious about when the world is going to end are morbid?
Agreed!  Twitter showed the way with the whale ;)
ummmmm im not sure
no one likes every fat snack u do bitch! so shaddup ahahahahaha
ah sucks  maybe Redcliffe then  I guess it depends on what time I get up tomorrow haha
if you wanna be my lover by spice girls :]
haven't the Palestinians suffered enough without having to deal with that fat fool......heh
by a str8 terms technically no penetration means you still have ur vcard but in gay terms she isn't a virgin. sex is sex
I both love and hate the sticks! I'm finally going home tomorrow.
well clean the damn floor!
well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
I wish I could punch you square in the face. that's how much I hate you right now.
I hate FCC they are evil
I'm gay and I'm pregnant gak mungkin berhasil. This guy is persistent. Gmn ya. Can I just simply ignore his msgs??? :-D
I fuck wit the lows if there dope...but I know y'all got me fam I ain't trippin
a prissy bitch u r? Haha...i hope 2 hear the occurance that goes along with this statement.
    damn right.  Someone needs to drive me around when I visit!  My vote is for a convertible 89 Mustang lol.
fuck...  lemme know if you'd like to work at criagslist
those are the best flights though! freak time's when the plane's a fucking sardine can w/ no aerodynamic balance or leg room
you seem like a hater. or maybe you do it to piss people off. either way  fact is always good.
hmm..idk many awards but if there was a kindness award of some kind and it was achieved by helping others. id like that :)
lol yeah  I coulda told you that cuz I'm a big fucking dorkass about that movie as wel all very well know :) I actually had a dream
WHO DOESNT!!(:
I hate all my clothes at the moment too. That is why I like shoes and scarves. They always look good.
I hate you so much you stupid New York... douche. bagel.
hate? i was congratulating you  your a humanitarian!
we r so fucking on for real. I might leave after Josh  but i can't wait! _
I hate you...
pussy!? :)
 Text me bitch!!! :)
pu01ddu05dfu05dfu0131u029es u028eu0287u0287u01ddu0279d u01ddu0279u0250 nou028e uu01ddu0265u0287 su0131u0265u0287 pu0250u01ddu0279 uu0250u0254 nou028e u025fu0131
they made me shit ;0
no
Ech! LOL....if it was me  I would wash the sweats at least twice...then again I hate bugs!
Whoa. Marc Blucas' new hair is a fucking crime against humanity. The horror. From loveable goof to douchebag  instantly.
Yah  after more tries than I want to cop to. Damn static in my place is making the laptop jump all over the fookin' place. AUGH!!
What the /fuck/? XD
i hate how it never snows there... and you live IN CANADA! do you want some of ours? I hate snow.
wat a fag....
but u have to process the milk in some fashion to cut the fat content in half
Yo my internet is working again! damn you never know what you had til its gone...
no! I think UofA's navy jerseys on white pants rule.  And all red sucks. But seeing BYUs colors  I guess all red makes sense.
ha not that creepy. because it's week 10 and I'm fucking stressed out as hell. I wish I could take a trip down there x.x
Totally.  The ass end of my Jeep is not  but no life forms were impacted.
heyyyyyy!!! how u doin!!!!!
I STILL HATE YOU.
that sucks.  I do both at my work  which is a pain the rear-end too  because everyone thinks they're designers ;)
i love my LDS.
did you help someone today?
im just a littla down  its okay :)
no but i so wanna go this year!
he's a retard. shouldnt he be old enough to know to not  be so damn nosy and butt in on peoples relationship.
Hahaha! that looks so emo...poor guy thats y i prefer drums
so are you talking to shira or frances? its hard to keep up  playa playaa lol.
then ur game sucks. no crue  not buying it.
in the lab...all damn day  i had soooo much work to do:(
yes i do haha
psh I better be getting a damn good tip!
U.S.A!!!;] Known as Mars!!<3
the b/f sounds like a winner to me!! Lol just messin but damn thats a crappy situation to be in :(
Heyy :D
I hate when that happens!
Any plans to become a doctor someday?
Definitely. I hate crowds. Angry  out of control crowds. I would rather have a root canal (and I've hd one or two)
i hate ur fucking guts. u  lindsey? grossest thing ive ever seen
    damn right.  Someone needs to drive me around when I visit!  My vote is for a convertible 89 Mustang lol.
and then prue  Phoebe from charmed came over but then the robots came back  i had to run but some boy saved me lol #Random
i was afraid of that. i hate when the weather does that.  meanest trick of all.  i may not leave my house until april.
same 4 u make sure yo ass is up
I hate it too! Mishel is going to do mine. :) She might do yours too  you just have to give her cash  credit cards  checkbook.
i hate those DIY post office things here in #ALB. no matter what the lines are still insane.
Reid I made it!  urghhh... I hate shopping. The trauma of it sent me hiding under the covers. Or maybe that was the cold.
So find someone who can play the violin really well... and beat his ass...? xD *slinks back into hiding*
Ummm..Im not  a quitter.
But of course! I saw the work   is doing on the ground. Great woman running that org! And a damn good driver too. ;-)
lmao that sucks.
You coming to work today  E? I know it's Gay Day and all. I wasn't sure if you were gay or just running late.
damn homie where did you get that stat??
who the fuck is bur`li?
If you had to cook dinner for someone tonight  what would you make?
bitch was craaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzy!
Damn they looked like crap last night!! I have to say that lots of bad words came out of my mouth last night! ugh Next year
Damn thats nice.
i like them all lol
hate.being.cold.
Its foggy as hell here too. Looks like damn Seattle.
describe your perfect day
That sucks dude!
ice cream!! haha
damn! Ok look  make the stripper pole look like a knitting needle and impale a stripper granny on it. That's the only way.
yeah sure  you hate it. Riiiight. But yeah  I'll take all that stuff and more. Kisses  hugs  head massages  bubble baths..
No secrets for me this week :(
The ole Cell Phone Yeller in the Elevator. That sucks.
Let's fucking go!
i think everyone does
yes. Ive had two years. Im on a waiting list for clinicals..which is americas way of being stupid to the people who are trying to get ahead in life..
OKay. Hope everything goes okay! :)
get them all out of the dome ....NOW damn it...
hugs hugs hugs you are good we are very happy with you and love you and don't hate you.
Thankss(: you're too kind
If theres an exception to every rule  is there an exception to that rule?
what the fuck is a google? (btw  excellent application of 'my china'. double point score.)
If you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?
Right. That wouldn't be creepy as fuck.
haha... so you want to be a twitter slut... alright  fine... i'll be waiting for the moment you mature from a tease to a slut!
randomly yes :)
you got niggaitus and watch baby come in there and fuck with you.
Mmmhm!(:
gah!  Damn you spoilers!  I'm only on season threeeeee!
I don't use the touchpad(I hate them) I always use a USB mouse. We are a toshiba family.. we have four
:)   I just meant myspace in general  sucks. Slow as hell  and only thing going for it is/was music  but last.fm and blip.fm
I collected beanie babies when i was younger :) loved them had cases for them and everything!!
Damn! Break me off some bread!
ew no.
it was in reference to his gay suit
you are one sick fuck my friend. I think I'm scarred for life.
Like Dick Cheney has an issue maybe?
italian  french  or better at sign language
Exactly! and then the french people would be mean and send us to germany because they hate americans.
Can crop circles be square?
What is something you have always wanted to know?
Why does CHUD hate kids so much? 10 years from now  they're your readers!
thanks though :) i appreciate it
yuck... that is going to take a long ass time...
wtf? That is so gay.
will do when i get home  only time i heard it was warped though  fuck life!
Your John Mayer  My Jacks Mannequin. Andrew McMahon is my LIFE SUPPORT. Not to sound emo or anything ahaha
I hate you.
Not to me :/ damn though. i hate being sick.
What was the happiest moment in your life?
damn! Putting my chocolate cake to shame.
doodle
P.S.  Fuckitty fuck fuck  is def. worse to say in a Holy Place. Especially if you're Catholic.
dont hate!
shut the fuck up LOL. I wanted to take a pic so bad but it would have been obvious. My mom wanted the hat. I just tried it on haha
I hate when I see people doing that. I am with you on that one. Why do people think that is okay?!
Marc got home ok...but said he might've fuckied his rim up. I told his ass the pierogies  sausage wwere gonna knock him out....
pussy!? :)
You're soft...Dude ran our country into the ground with no shame whatsoever...People need to be throwing boots  fuck a shoe...
How has 2010 been for you
your welcome :) sureee
Ouch.  That sucks!!
hahah yeah yeah :)
chicken salad :]
  everyone kind of just disappeared after the food  I'm not leaving it there for some jelly-bean givin jack ass to take!
I know it sucks  but I'm actually envious of you.  Though I have orientation for a tutoring program on the 14th.  Did I tell you?
Agreed.... i mean honestly  Off The Wall  and Thriller.. nobody is fucking with those...
That sucks. I was actually a guest on there! My first time on the radio.
damn you for getting the comics up early again o_o it gives me nothing to do before school in the morning D:
Ohhh well i didnt know you were doing that  you know since the questions come backwards to you..hahhaa sorry about all the show your face comments. hahha
sweet! i sure hate i lost my anniversary edition dvd of it.....digitally remastered and just perfect
B3(kyy
all i heard for the last 2 hours was WHORE WHORE WHORE SLUT WHORE WHORE OH MY GOD WHORE WHORE
Hey thx!  I just hate to have Win XP crash anymore than necessary.  That is why I have been so conservative.  I'm gonna try Chrome.
Grr... having given up meat  this burger talk is killing me. And God knows I hate being even remotely identified as a virgin.
Word  they're in the way. Always grabbing the ankles and needing food/care. FUCK BABIES.
Yeah! id do her like my nigga did them white chicks at the club on Knocked Up...I fuck the shit out u old bitch but no clubin
mmmmmmm
be careful! Hood pigeons don't give a FUCK and pack heat! I've been robbed by them on countless occasions!
marital arts haha
your mother's a bitch.
Pink Roses!(:
Guys; why do you think girls pucker their lips in photos? Girls; why do you do this?
 Your never supposed to go full retard! 
What is Satans last name?
Hey  don't knock the Port+OJ until you've tried it.As cold remedies go  you're still sick but no longer give a damn. ;)
being able to hide my feelings.
Frances :)
I thinks you meant to say that TWILIGHT was epic fail  not your mistake. I hate stephanie meyer and I've never even met her.
yeah if i tried.
this makes mme smile lol. I hate him. But we still dont bring him up bc to us he is dead and non-existant.
Fkkin Bicthes Needa Get A Life Hatinqq Because You Got Boobies And They Dont JEALOUS HOES! (: Your Amazin Sister  !(: I Love Yopu <3 FKK HATERS :DD
that sucks loxy. I wish there was smtg I could do! Is chury back in cgy as well?
Charisma Carpenter is a CUNT.  I also told her.
thanks :) i think you would too! I just dont because im not wrapped around the hs drama anymore. therefore im not in it..so oh well.
Not necessarily  while I do not agree with hitlers actions  he was a damn good general  and got germany out of a depression that
I want to see a picture of you right before you decided to shave your head. That would kick ass  especially if you are crying.
Fuck dude  you manage to do this every week!
Sorry for the woes  but DAMN you sound GOOD!
Two nerds enter  one nerd leaves!
uhm (:
you  dear sister  are a freak. this heat sucks.
weird.... Nick are you going emo??????
Fuck yeah
    I hate Walmart anymore. I'm gonna have to start taking my own cart with spikes and barbed wire. Maybe flamethrowers.
Would you ever save a prostitutes life?
lol just rhyming  gay i know
Have you ever had a cake fight?
700. you glutinous bitch!
damn -- 
I LOVE how that statement was misconstrued as GAY!!!!
why does eueryone hate american eagle? wat happened?
It's gay as fuck? I wasn't aware fuck could be gay? Why are you cussing?
i had to... i deleted the annoying bitch. she kept making me puke in my mouth
Midway sucks.
Gay!
I'll be a crab ass with you. BAH HUMBUG!
Isn't any way you file taxes the gay way?
You can stop voting now. Holy fuck. If only McCain had you on his side  and you were 18.
I wanna play spin the bottle lol Have you played it? When was the last time? Mine was when i was 20 :)
ididnt write dhat
well  I was a super biology nerd in high school and voted most artistic. so  it was a hard decision on what I should do.
Favorite Food
haha keep saying shit ill kill you
I'm going to watch him kick Count Adamar's ass and then it's off to feed the beast.
yes. and that movie is hilarious btw. :) i would not be living there first off.....hahaha but i would trick them somehow. tell them of a better place on a landfill reserve.
no flash?  how good is the  low light setting  on cameraphones these days?  it pretty much sucks on my Tilt.
whatever you do just don't roll your eyes. they hate that. those peaceful scenes fly out their heads and they WILL b-slap you!
There are two types of people in the world: those using  lol  ironically  and those that are fucking twats who deserve to die.
Yah  after more tries than I want to cop to. Damn static in my place is making the laptop jump all over the fookin' place. AUGH!!
are you dating jbatmann
Have you bought any new clothing items this week?
I cant leave yet and i had to pee but there was water all over and i didnt want wet socks cause i hate that. Lol
doc's a dick.. ill manage without injuring myself.. self inflicted pain would be desperate..which I think I am.. Siiigghhh!!
damn I wish it was 1 here so my day would almost be over; btw that Wiley track is my fucking anthem...good looks
I noticed that and you are not a bitch. The other thing that she also doesn't have is class.
so fucking angry all the time
my good friends
nigga fuck put a Lil gin in it a drink dat shit son fuck 08
its not rape if i enjoy it ;)  *phoebe.
GOOD! Now u can bring ur happy lil' ass over here  help me finish hanging this garland.  ;-)
It sucks :(
r u in love with someone anonymously?
 (iTunes) or  Antrel Rolle previewed today's MIN game on the Best Damn Sports Show Podcast.
fuckery is always welcomed..only second to hate. Speaking of which...I haven't told you how much I hate you lately
that's it  I'm spending new years in LA next year  fuck NY  er jersey
Do you trust easily?
AARGH! I hate that Big Bro here   work blocks so many sites! Now I've got to wait till I get home tonight to take a peak!
Both 
:)
people hate to admit emotional decision making  though. manipulative  some think. the uphill climb of personal branding...
Do astronauts change their clocks when they move over different time zones in space?
Damn! Sounds like heart attack inducing combo.
wait until you have a final cut on your documentary before the sex change.  You don't want to fuck up continuity.
GUH YES SHE TAGGED DAT ASS LOL I WAS LIK DAM THEN ANGIE POP UP LOKN KRAZ
well damn we should have had a tweet up. I was at Kona last night as well.
What character from a movie most reminds you of yourself?
Lolol well i hate u. K thx 3
i was able to connect to may exchange with apple mail after they enabled active sync for my iphone. i hate entourage... so much
as much as i hate auto-DM's  i also check out links if they're music related.
hee hee. I got the Wii and Wii Fit for my birthday and am really impressed with it. It's great fun as well and fat burning grin
Oh  that sucks. Why I blew off my own appointment yesterday. I just couldn't face the wait.
6'0 <- lolz hmm im 5'1
oh man. the malls are a mess  it grosses me out. ohhh capitalist dogma  how i hate you
WPMU can go fuck itself
Why are u goin to North?
is that on a wall or something? why is everyone so emo????
I was able to view  Windows --  IE is NOT the most recent  can't remember the damn #'s
not really
If you were given the chance to take care of a monkey for a weekend  would you?
Wrote a song about it. Like hear it  here it go:  Duck bitch Duck-I throw my left shoe out-Duck bitch Duck 
iLove your nose ring!
haha nah you know me:) just guess...
st8
lmfao HURRY AND GET THE FUCKING LYRICS.
actually i think that would be Brendon. so we would have rufus_: I hate jackhammers. Brendon: jackhammers??? cupcakes!!!
listen to u...who's the FREAK now? LOL
how's the weather there?
who is the top 10 prettyest people you know?
That sucks. But what kind of parent buys a toy because it's HOT? What about the kids' personality and taste?
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
Lol  I'm not enough of a LOTR nerd to need to install Tolkien fonts. :)
if u get a stye is it from seeing a dog shitting or fucking?  And what do I do with my fingers?  Consult H if u need to.
dropped off some old 3.5  floppies. A System Disk and Mac Paint.  Retro Mac crap kicks ass!  Photo: 
hot ass mess!!!! hahahaha
Ech! LOL....if it was me  I would wash the sweats at least twice...then again I hate bugs!
if anyone's a loser  it's YOU.
What  you didn't like the link to  Pulp Fiction  fucking short version?
whiterabbit819 stFu u ass i care and thats all that matters!
hehe  fucking shift  ... never heard of it in six months..... u get to fuck in da shift?
She says i have gubgivits? teeth thingies and she stole more blood. every six months with the blood stealing it sucks.
I'm blocking you because you have no value. Go back to telemarketing  or some other loser marketing scheme.
cont. and you must RT EVERY LITTLE THING someone says  then DAMN do I feel SORRY for you and your friends.
Who is the wind beneath your wings?
I remember and that's why I loves that ass. U make me feel special. Lol
it really depends on the situation but when I get mad I just call old girl up and get the freak on
Would you ever wait tables at a restaurant?
I spy Chrystal while they're recording behind Andys drum set. Haha I fucking love this!
None. Im happy without money.  :]
worst place to eat at?
stay warm  Kyle. that sucks. we were lucky to get ours back today.
yes of course. i would love to be a pirate. always. errrgg.
my bed? haha
damn it.
dude the talk about universe at #LeWeb is awesome. As a nerd guy you have to watch it
did we have any classes together this year?
was just joking...hate people who act that way
dont hate!
The Miracle Worker
sam are you showing in 'in sequence' at white whale on friday night? I wasn't sure... since you'll be out of town for the opening
fuck no  I don't want to be PM or even a politician. I'm just tired of getting anally raped without any lube.
I've been called a pig  if that helps. Recently  even
Why do most people feel the need to be better than someone else?
damn! i knew if i had said nobu that auto-tune would already be hummin
Yeah  those same ugly guys that do gay-for-pay. That's why I demand hot girl on girl action in my porn. Oh oh. Yeah.
NO NO NO NO NO I HATE YOU.
I listen to songs right after I get them.. so I JUST got these. I hate having anything unlistened. LISTEN. NOW.
Heores Season 2 sucked! Full of emo shit!
you're so gay. I hate lonestar.
who inspires you the most?
Love Youu 2222!!!!
that sucks.
ugh  fuck the chargers!
Prison Bitch is a sparkling addition to any resume.
He can be a nice guy  but he is such a dick when it comes to fabsubbing that it is ridiculous.
well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
unnecessary.  pain in the ass.  too much effort.
I WISH I COULD! I HATE SNOW!! cuz it might cancel my drive test!  which means no license!
you cock juggling thundercunt!!!! I have the best childish insults ever.
wtf  V
hate to tell you but it only gets worse  we're at 1440 in the UK and all my office wants to jump out the window!
funny background statement =>
man  that is fucking sad. reminds me of how my friend with PTSD went missing after iraq  homeless  for 4 months in vegas.
That's the  Nerd  part of me. Now horseradish is basically just a condiment. If you have parasites  see a doctor. ;-)
yeah I hate this bitch and I'm glad the chief killed that other dude!
on which side of the nerd spectrum is a geek? Being a geek is actually kind of cool now  right?
Yeah  she did this huge ass rant to me about how i'm going to die alone and how i'm going to regret ever breaking up with her.
    re demotix/I&P post comments: the ignorant shld read some history  the knowledgeable grow some fucking balls!
damn ecoterrorists! he shoulda just rented a helicopter  better for the enviroment anyways.
What's happening brotha? I'm good. Been a busy day getting ready for my big fat free bootcamp manana! How about you?
Haha. Cool. Just sucks that we have to wait so long for season 2.
dudo kool that would be kick ass if u made it
LMAO. I was very confused. What a bitch she is.
People are so fucking pathetic.  CHILDREN! Ughh~
Kindness to strangers.
my lungs are fine  but my legs are like  bitch  your ass is heavy !! let's stop  
yep ur an uber nerd now
omg srsy?? I loved ami  kat would always piss me off. She was always mad for no reason.
Awee'  your gonna hand it too mee? Lol
UR a Chicken Cyber Punk! When a French Man came to kick your Ass  U put your Hands in your pockets and Cry like a Pussy! LMAO
yep
Who's your favorite superhero?
I miss u too.  When r u gonna cum down here?Do u have aim?Send me ur number I lost all numbers.I'm planning 2 move 2 L.A asap.
If you could have personally witnessed one event in history  what would you want to have seen?
What are you doing tomorrow?
  @kmellon:  I'm 500 pages in AND at the day job.  Eat that dick.
yet fear seems like a cop out too  i eat my words...Hate is ugly
get out of my fucking brain!  I am not yours!
Bey going to get her ass whipped!
yes  you remember me trying to keep *MY* lashes on for the awards this year- never fucking wearing those damn things AGAIN
If by old guy hat you mean the hat I just bought in St. Thomas ... then yes. I am a hat whore.
We miss you back. My Haiku: Famous Dickenson  Exactly Why  I'm not sure. Her poetry sucks.
Taking the piss  talking trash  perhaps
#Paypal sucks. Someone is using my identity there and they refuse to do ANYTHING about it.
lets just hope i dont kick any ass. im in a violent mood.
What shall we call this gang? Initiation rights must begin with downing a Fail Whale.
did he really???!!!! OH FUCK OK I TAKE BACK ON DAN MARINO IM SORRY!!!! OK I BLAME ROMO AGAIN! AND WHITTEN! i'm through with them!
hahahahah yeah sorry :) he is my husband
 Cock-A-Doodle-Doooooooooo Shortstop!!  
YES. the thing is big enough for my ass plus another half. its like my parents couch.
He's an asshole. I'd fucking bean him  for love of the game. Not starring Kevin Costner.
closing now. some gay xmas thing
lol... I have ass too..
It really depends on my mood and the type of people im around. Im very good at starting conversations but if Im around someone else thats doing a lot of talking  I may just be a bit backwards cause I don't like to steal the light :)
if anyone's a loser  it's YOU.
beach.
careful with that excess student loan money -- down the road  it bites you in the ass. Love  an ass-bitten college grad.
to the corner of it and cry :D
Yea its got a heatsink bigger than a server lol. Its a great machine. I am loving it except for the leg is bent. DAMN COURIERS GRR
yum yum
You are inspirational (and gorgeous)  however I meant the dumb ass who dumped me to F around with his sleazy white trash LOL
I never said anything about lovin ya  dick cheese  just that I say your name alot  probable with fuck in there somewhere
You won't miss much.  Her husband is cheating  she's pregnant  he's an ax murderer  her son is gay. That's pretty much the soaps
dude  it was your birthday?  Damn you!  You foiled my foolproof  never miss a birthday coz Facebook reminds you  scheme.  Hpy Bthdy.
I wonder if can write  Kevin Rudd Is A Cunt  for the next 30?
headed back to NC Thursday. Today DC American History Museum. I'll be the extra fat one in too small jeans. ah holidays...
they should have a wii loser..that way you can compete with your wii friends.
I see the theory  but I have decided to have a pizza and fuck off  which is easier.
Damn Jim idk what to say:/ Sorry man.
davey jones. haha
I love cameras. Show your face yooo
I spent all last week with that damn song in my head. :)
Fuck off naturally as opposed to artificially?
Do you ever think humans will be satisfied?
you are sucha nerd! Love it!!! V(^_^) haha
Maybe they're looking for Carl!!!  That damn Carl.
Football. I hate it. Its official  Im bad luck.
Then why u cryn? Hate'n on me.
yeah  most people just think i'm a bitch cuz i got that screwy sarcastic sense of humor that tends to tick people off? my username?
ugh  yes. I am a consumer whore...  and how! 
me too!!! I also hate closing then opening then closing shifts that gets me all out of wack.
the punk ass pistons?
did you wink at all today? to who?
Graphic novel class? I hate you but I love you but still I hate you and oh yesh  Hows ya boy JImmy?
nigga fuck put a Lil gin in it a drink dat shit son fuck 08
favorite song?
i hate people who update their fb status more than once a day unless absolutely necessary...tweets-thats what they're for!
how people are endlessly cruel to one another
Fist fight?? No. Im a lover not a fighter. ha
you work in cape cod. why the fuck am i up so early. argh  stupid cousin &brother.
Holy  fuck. That was amazing! I'm retweeting that sucker now!
high heels or rubber shoes?
...i love my job and would hate to miss it...I'm depended upon and especially this week I'm needed for our toddlers parties
anna just has to ruin the holidays for me  just like every year. Damn you anna!
I'm gay and I'm pregnant gak mungkin berhasil. This guy is persistent. Gmn ya. Can I just simply ignore his msgs??? :-D
Damn fucking skippy. I'm onthe same shit
in time for when I travel and the train company still refused to let me travel. The fucking wankers.
What happened in '93? (Also  I would have accepted  29-5-4 bitch 
like jealous toddlers  equal change to excel When a person DOES excel  other ppl bitch&whine  bc it  makes them look bad   The
How often do you think about touching other people's private parts?(Be Honest)
1) it depends on how u come at me. 2) if my 1st impression of you sucks I prob won't be so warm  bubbly. I'm mean though.
i only buy magazines at the airport- i love bitch and bust too.
 run over my a Hyundai and ass raped by Clay Aiken.  I would so prefer it the other way around.
:(  that sucks.
Have you heard a new song today?
yes we are! latinos are the smexiest ones alive! :]
beach.
y'all are so fucking classy. miss you!
am I too emo? 
AND DAMN I JUST LOST /AGAIN/.
i really am sorry you have to have this ishh on your page tho nico  but im not just gonna sit here while people talk shit thats just not how i was raised. so im sorryy i dont mean to be freeaking out all on here i kinda cnt help it.
I hate Comic Sans. I have tried for 10 years to get it out of the schools. Teachers love it.
its okay unless it effects free will. but good morals and standards aren't bad to push on a child with no form or structure that needs it.
oh I hate disappointing kids  I figure the stress of the connection starting late teaches them a lesson for next time
fuck yes
who tha fuck is Krista r this is not Krista
well then why did you bring it up?
YOUR INSANE BABBLE  HAVE YOU LOST YO DAMN MIND?
No worries man.  'Twas a question from me but  $800 later  I found out what the problem was.  Stupid fucking fuel pumps!
have you ever gotten stitches?
no one likes every fat snack u do bitch! so shaddup ahahahahaha
Yes you are a loser... I could have told you that a long time ago...
Do you think people are addicted to FS?
yep  stop useing our jokes
damn it.
Shrinkage? Shrinkage? Hmm...so there's shrinkage in online retail? Damn  I though that only occurred after a cold shower;)
If you stay home to twitter and have a martini on NYE does that make you a loser?  don't answer that...  I don't want to know
Damn right I do.  :)
What was the worst concert you went to?
wat a fag....
oh that sucks  sorry about that.....at least u can get some work done now
Eeeek! I'm scared of the dark. I don't really believe in ghosts  but that would still freak me out.
Looks like lobby card for  Ocean's 21: On the Half-Ass 
Hate to tell you  Aston went to the beach. Aston is a good beagle. Well mannered. Diva pug needs more attention
  Cock your gun.
Favorite board game?
i hate this this sucks butthole im so mad im pissed i told that person not to tell
No I don't get it. I'm sorry I must live in before the fucking ice age. :]
np you are happy with the service? do you have anything to compare to? I hate 3 not working out of cities. and whirlpool likes exe
kkkk :]
umm idkk..
:D nada
hey you.. who thought you about musta  =)
I hate you and your steelers.
shut ur ass up! u woulda been wondering the same thing lol. done rehearsing 4da night  planning 2knock out...right about.....now
I love cameras. Show your face yooo
im not sure if i should taunt you with how awesome it is  or say im surprised it took this long to get snow hate twitters
benson- Dude fuck yea. I'm gonna bank tonight
Damn. You really *are* the Craft Mafia now.
omg :/ sucks to be u. hope u got some good tunes going makes it more delightful to sit through.
Man  why u live in NYC in that crazy ass weather. Move out to LA. It's nice EVERYDAY. NYC is soo over-rated! lol
Damn  I start complaining at 20 degrees. In the single digits I start going crazy. I don't even want to imagine below 0. d*_*b
Okae then bitch you dont got any quick comebacks now do you you fucking FAKE!!!/
Damn Danica! I know BK went hard  but shiit...we evoke tears  too? Lol
wow that sucks! well i wish you luck with all that :) i am going to crash so have a good night ok and stay warm.its freezing here
Mine was pretty damn weird too.
Faveee Timee  Sport 
makes sense and glad that it's shifting (even if geologic).  hate that kind of snobbery.
o so the rumors are true i am OBESE! yea fat!
do you like the sound of the wind chimes?
funny you said you don't have many friends.. I think you'd make a good friend ;]
Ugh! I hate when I get spam followers... They shouldn't count against our talley of actual followers... :-p
bitch ass hot sounds pretty crappy.
is het -5?! fuck..
Are you trying to say the saran wrap  bacon fat  and rubber bands I currently use don't count as REAL gloves?
stalkerrrr
:-( Yucky needles. I hate those ones with a special sort of passion! *hugs* Hope it's over soon with the needles.
Alexisssss! Fukk thozz haters ma! they dumb they aint gona do shtt to you!!!!! they meet hell they decide 2 touchhh yyyyou. i love you<3333 -Remz
then fuck them. go to a mac with an iphone hooked up and jailbreak it. thatll teach em
heey. how many other formsprings do u have? like 50? damn. get a life.
It just sucks that so many use it as a crutch.
...fucking coded shit. I dont watch old TV shows so I've only see the new Dr. Who  the stuff since the reboot. Loving David...
Man  fuck Alton-Darby.
heard there were 2do fairies tht come  do ur 2do list if u put a list by the freplce (kinda like leaving cookies 4 the fat guy)
 HOLY FUCKING SHIT THIS IS A RIP OFF OF  foolin'  BY DEF LEPPARD HAHAHAHAHAHAHhaahahhahaa fucking gay 
no flash?  how good is the  low light setting  on cameraphones these days?  it pretty much sucks on my Tilt.
dig deep and find that special Christmas hate!
Ok..ok I c u! Take it back on they ass why don't ya.. That sounds super CUTE!
you were first to reply with Rudolph. Did you know the dentist elf  misfit theme was really about being gay  not fitting in?
DAMN! I'll wait a month before I send mine for a critique! LOL
What's your worst nightmare?
i want you dead.
my last tweet was supposed to be   you. Damn twitteriffic reply system.
at the same time...... whaaaaaaaaaat? lol
yeash yew do lolss
damn u i wanted to see sexy lesbian porn lmao
yeah he did then got big again how I hv no idea. But totally agree about kicking ass.
hahahah aw.  i support the faux-man hate.  although  i tend to support real-man-hate nowadays  too.... =/
stop acting like you know everything. your fat. get over yourself you mouthy slag :L and no your not better then everyone else! (:
maybe he sldnt cum out in his mofo boxers n dance around hes guna b jumpin around n his junk fall out
Quit being mean to me and I will be happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DOOOOOD. the fucking accent/cadence. good call.
prolly not I started the damn dishwasher lol
OMG  you fucking got them didnt you?!?!?! I'm so jealous!!!!
u like somebody at lakes?
(cont) I say  the whole sheet costs $8.40... buy one of each and get the fuck out of my way!
Didnt i give you my myspace 
Indeed. But the Collier conversation relationship head up your gleeful ass kumbaya stuff needs to be put out with the trash.
Im so jealous. But I'll be eating that same rice pudding in 9 days. Enjoy the fuck out of your trip
I meant boo YOU whore!
yes...and they are about to be fucking DISOWNED. *grumble*
It's totally fine  don't worry about it :))
WOW what a loser. I hope seth has some good male role models in his life.
ur not that pretty... and u think that ur the prettiest girl..wow its stupid..
Wow  that sucks  work at home day?     I couldn't agree more  good day to be under the covers  relaxing.
Work is turning me into a cuddle whore. I get outta here and just wanna be held.
Shira? :)
certain things can't just be gotten over......I hate it when people think you should be.
No lol thats funny :)
HAHA WHYYYYY do you hate my school!? NOOOOOO :(:(:
Hey! Remember me? Lizzy from the David Cook forums. How've you been? (I'm guessing pretty damn awesome right now... =P)
I am lookin   news in the Chi damn!!!! Stay warm n if u see my lil sis make sure she wears her coat!
I am going to go to bed now. I still ahve alot of stuff on my mind. Ehhh... well have a good/day. <3 Leave me things.
Those dogs look FAT to me!! ;-)
#NAME?
I don't mind household chores actually. but I guess I'd say dusting. I don't enjoy that :/ ha
I'm just bored as fuck. Lol. I never thought I'd say this but I kinda wish the damn dog was here making noise. Lol
Lulz. OK. Internet Explorer sucks.
That sucks... Can you use it on your iphone?
some kid made copies of the questions and a teacher looked at it...fucking dumbass he/she screwed it up for all of us.
 Dude  you're gonna hate me! Here... more T-shirts for da T-shirt lovers      
You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
might install now that you've acted as my guinea pig :D
hate? i was congratulating you  your a humanitarian!
and somehow I still wish I was there  pig parts and all. Amazing.
But I say I'll be back gotta get some more coronas!!!! bahaha jk my favorite drink is dr. pepper :D
I hate  Rag and Bone  so much.
Maybe you should get your dick out of your ear next time I'm explaining them to you!!
That sounds like a plan. :) Kick ass  indeed. And any beat that stands the test of time is a banger  for true.
basically we agreed that you/ are awesome/bad ass. Not gonna lie  i brought you up! ;)
i quit heroes. nathan is a fucking douche.
i dont care if its him or his ppl ... i care if its authorized or a poser squatting
do you use the term fuck on a stick
umm brian mcfaddern jokes umm umm umm i dont no to be honest so im going with santa reow lol =]
That it's that rare of a sentence is sorta depressing.  Especially in light of   's  Loser Cam  Xmas gift to me
oh yeah! Radios powered by pork fat!
Fat Boys have a new song?!
because I hate you. The last one I rewrote cuz there was a typo and it was bothering me
Nope i don't swear
nigga I'm DYING over here reading this sweeney interview.  anybody that aint me is a bitch  CLASSIC
Fuck them!
oh yes I remember you mentioning that once! I live very close to Keller. I grew up in Keller  they used to hate it right?
ripping off Emo Phillips + ba-dum-bum jokes wouldn't get my vote even if i was the web-voter type.
Wel get ur ass over here just dnt be loud guh im tipsy as hel i may get sum juic frm u
hate to bring bad news  but if your VW won't jump  chances are the belt or alternator is shot. For your sake  I hope it's the belt.
fucking ayeeeeee
follow me  you jackass. i hate you sometimes.
I don't even own boots!  Damn the torpedos  open-toed shoes full steam ahead!
You must have read Mozart and the Whale too?  ASConn had Jerry Newport come to CT for a showing of the film a signing.
If everyone got what they wished for do you think the Earth would be a better or worse place?
Well  DAMN...Thanx For NOTHING!
If I had I a lot of $$$$ I would probably ____________.
fuck sleep you gotta stay up late so u can see santa!
damn ecoterrorists! he shoulda just rented a helicopter  better for the enviroment anyways.
I hate you and your steelers.
dude the talk about universe at #LeWeb is awesome. As a nerd guy you have to watch it
how about  bitchling pig  suckas! 
fuck yo shit homie!
that sucks for your teacher. poor guy. isn't your class full of adults? do they act mature like adults are supposed to?
I just wanted a fucking money order and it took 40 minutes to get it. They won't even look at you if you're on your mobile phone.
 Agreed  snow is fine  ice sucks (well  and all the silly drivers on the road) :)
Wow  that sucks.Merry Christmas to you and your honey (wow  we are both celebrating 'firsts' on that one) -The Bs
I hate giving little kids antibiotics...10 days 2 a day and important they get it all down...impossible!
  hate me for it later  but it's not bad
i really am sorry you have to have this ishh on your page tho nico  but im not just gonna sit here while people talk shit thats just not how i was raised. so im sorryy i dont mean to be freeaking out all on here i kinda cnt help it.
it's not a bad coffee shop overall  just the one in the market sucks.  Slow service in a poor location for traffic.
ok! man what a start to the new year  fuck my life
on here? like maybe 15 people or a lil more lol
I want to see a picture of you right before you decided to shave your head. That would kick ass  especially if you are crying.
oh man  I'm having a nerd heart attack
No and yes :] wanna read it though!
LOL I'm sorry sir that sucks. It's always something. :/
then eat  ass! Don't eat ass though  just eat...you ass
damn iPhone keyboard. I find it astonishing that even in this era of social networking you can still be alone on a crowd
GASP. He told me): I could cry.
Damn!! I was hoping you were giving me good news otherwise!
Go look at my profile....it's the sixth one down. Do I need to come over and bogart the sticky stuff from your ass?
What was the most recent movie that made you cry?
A COMMUNIST FUCKING DICTATORSHIP! Fuck Che Guevara. And all the t-shirts with him on them and those that wear them.
I iz calm now  cept I can't figure out how to properly edit my wordpress templates. NERD ALERT NERD ALERT.
Whats a saying you say a lot?
man  they photoshopped the fuck out of summer glau. her boobs have a life of their own  her face looks like a bad glamour shot.
Aah! I actually hate you!
Still  it's damn moronic that media people can't access media  particularly media made by their own company!
dropped off some old 3.5  floppies. A System Disk and Mac Paint.  Retro Mac crap kicks ass!  Photo: 
yes. all the time.
If you get cheated by the Better Business Bureau  who do you complain to?
OKAY. i was kidding down there lol. but 2 the other ppl that are being serious..SCREW-YOUR-SELFS. shes sooo pretty and you dont need 2 be sittinghere being mean to my friend!! your just jealous ur not as pretty as her (: <3 you tabi!!
A gay couple getting married in NYC isn't going to change anyone's idea about marriage. Divorce has redefined marriage.
nope
I take my son and it works wonders.  Nobody wants to fuck with a parent.  It just looks bad.
bitch... lol jk
haha nah he didn't do anything I was talking about guys in general particularly a guy friend though and he was being a dick to  ...
can't u take a sick day? fuck him...Ill watch Jordan if u need me too. I don't work tomorrow
Well I hate your phone. BAM!
Guys; why do you think girls pucker their lips in photos? Girls; why do you do this?
aww that sucks :/
I especially hate it when they make me lift up my feet to sweep under my desk. Sigh.
Night Guy' is ALL motivated   11pm but he knows 'Morning Guy' is gonna hate him when Miss Emily arrives at 5:30am ;-) Night Tweets!
I like programming...but i hate theoratical sujects...like computer architecture
Favorite brand of clothes?
I had no clue...Damn  Homie!!!
aw man  that sucks!
There such a pain in the ass when there gumed up arnt they? u_u The stupid thing is this isnt the first time Ive done that XD
shut ur ass up! u woulda been wondering the same thing lol. done rehearsing 4da night  planning 2knock out...right about.....now
You know all about some interpretive gay dancing.
well clean the damn floor!
Lol why do you do this?! I hate your guts :-p
Lots :) show your face.
just stuff. i can handle it imma big girl dont tripp.
What are you talking about? Haha
Is French kissing in France just called kissing?
welcome to my world: you're sick  some people think you're funny  others hate you  nobody wants to suck your cock.
yo why u always tweetin' about boy problems ?? Fuck nikkas  get money  stay focused son!!! I know you a Hustla  Hard worker!!
try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
lmfao i no right. gosh its making me mad. yes  yes i do. haha i also like lemon drops XD
that sucks!
World War Z kicks so much ass. Did you know the author Is Mel Brooks' son?
:D awhhh thankyou  your the best :)r loveyouto:D
you are such a whore LOL
*looks at who is following me on twitter then remembers i dont care* OMG such a fag.
Both? LOL! jk
did you come up with the  server-hugger  moniker  or what some other wise-ass?
yeah it really sucks I need to manage my time better I guess or maybe I should party haha. Oh well. C'est la vie I guess.
If a parsley farmer is sued  do they garnish his wages?
then eat  ass! Don't eat ass though  just eat...you ass
hows ur weekend amber?mines boring as FUCK!shit i want an   from Gabe..that's all i ask.shit i'll just send u a message
not too often.
Hah  been there. |: Sabi din niya she's never gonna buy me one so I'll be using my own money. Sucks |:
I have three pairs on!! having low blood sugar sucks :(
I used to have a ton more than i do now. Why aren't we friends on fb yet??? hahaha
That is bad ass.
damn that store! ~*Krystle*~
If it wasn't for AT&T's spotty network  I'd switch in a heartbeat. That's where Verizon kicks some serious ass.
-- damn homie ... in highschool you was the man homie. fuck happened to you?
LIKE YOU HATE A HUNDRED DOLLAR TIP. the other strippers must be SO JELLY. JAAAAY KAAAAAYYYYYY
I'm all about peace n positivity  but sometimes you gotta give a little kid an ass whoopin' 
Son i just got finished watchin Big Mommas House...WOW!!! She damn sure can...and she a MILF so thats a bonus
hate it all you want but its a hit record. And Jumpin Out the Window is by Ron Browz. I know its gotta be hot in NY.
Do you get cold sores often?:
:p
I think i done bounced half my ass off LOL
AAYE!!!  richard gre is NOT gay-re :P
i'm late but my damn pic mail ain't sending nowhere. they said i need to add the app? wtf?
Have you had an std be honest? Im sure half of y'all have.
Nope. I don't eat much meat actually but I don't think I need to label myself to eat what I want when I want it. lol. I lovee me some veggies <3
maybe he sldnt cum out in his mofo boxers n dance around hes guna b jumpin around n his junk fall out
can you come to my party tonightt ??
i like them. its sick though to think someone thought of all that stuff lol
PETA is an ass in the article  D. Big time.
still got that ass whooped haha.
followed! follow me also :)
they think we only ride chevys and cadillacs...damn stereotypes
What's the longest you've ever gone without a bath or shower?
awesome. now getchur ass to work.
lol you'd go gay for Zac Efron
God that was a fun night  I want to relive it...we danced in wall mart to betoven bahahaha
 I was there helping your ass pack to get on the plane. A tru friend  helping you track a sub sized weiner like fucking GPS
That was fucking hilarious... WIN
NERD!
what song? wtf haha
  damn ... well then it was definitely worth a second mention. Sure looks good!
Yah  you'd think I'd lose some FAT doing' all this shovelin'. But I guess eating brownies when I'm done negates something! Hah
amazingly  i have yet to hit the one down the street with a molotov  scream  fuck the police  while doing so.
They'd have had flying cars by 2015  too. I want my damn flying car  dammit.
they look SO dumb. and omg i hate cassidee. ugh. just ask   LOL ;)
i hate u! Jk.. But u can keep it.
yeah i know but its also too bad about the children ya know BECAUsE I FUCKING WON!
ohhh i dont no whats with these super hard questions
Do you believe sometimes in life you have to be selfish?
in the lab...all damn day  i had soooo much work to do:(
how's the weather there?
Quit complaining you never get to go out  get your ass dressed and get up here!
Quit complaining you never get to go out  get your ass dressed and get up here!
Idk... its a month that 4 sure lol
what an ass  who the hell says things like that. I'd report the fucker
well just go to the local whore house!
lol not a damn thang but computer keys lol *sigh*
damn you for getting the comics up early again o_o it gives me nothing to do before school in the morning D:
wErd... you pick out (2) kick ass hip hop songs and we'll doit yo~
they're not gross. U shaddup u fat ass HATER!!!  yes I made them for mark  my son.
Zach and Even be gettin' in that ass boy in 2K9! I bet you a pro at 2K9 now  you jack-of-all-trades-in-the face ass nigga!
No.
Not everyday. Usually when I wanna pretty or im going out for something special :)
damn you! Now I have it too. Sharing with all: the theme song from The Monkees is stuck in our heads.  Hey hey we're the Monkees
Now I know you're really are GAY!
That site just tells me I am fat  LOL
We miss you back. My Haiku: Famous Dickenson  Exactly Why  I'm not sure. Her poetry sucks.
  MMS from Naples to home  had the entire family in tow. Got stuck overnight in Detroit airport.  Hate that place now.
i really like dane cook
paaaaaaaarrrtttyyyy!!!!!!!! wait no... fuck it.... move over I'M MOVING IN!!!! HAHA!
hate? i was congratulating you  your a humanitarian!
I would not be proud of that. That just means you're a whore or a polygamist.
Ohhkayy! First offf i was playin  i mean he is a really nice person dnt kno him like all that! Bhut u should ask him!
ouch that sucks..
lick on these nuts and suck the dick.
Naw. I gave him tomorrow off. Fuck  my carpet's a mess.
HAHAHA. tom cruise  I WILL FUCK YOU UP 
Holy Fuck Man  I've been thinking about you. That's fucked up.
Damn............I guess he has a life :(   hahahahahha
I don't know really. You ask a lot of prostitue questions though  I'll tell you that. haha i guess because they've prolly never grown up being told thats not how life should or has to be..
That sucks  i hope he feels better soon!
What website do you spend the most time on?
damn that store! ~*Krystle*~
i fucking hate that word  hahaha.
It sucks to be done with exams n still be   Mayag.
yeah thattttt...sucks. i wonder why those things set the alarm off hahaha hm!
that does sound gay. I never had that in year 12. And thanks!
Okay little mad cause of some relationship crap but im over it like always haha
Hi April!!!
It was a while ago but i said f on the phone when i was really upset and talking to my dad. i never cuss in front of my parents. so it was an ooopsie i guess haha
Yep. We are tweeting each other too. Mostly with messages like  U R A NERD.  Indeed  he is the man of my dreams :-)
Ever looked at a guy and then checked out his Package ??
I hate the iPhone censorship  as I use the words that are auto-corrected to  shot  and  duck  quite frequently.
More like piss and vinegar. You could call it cancerous ale.
Smileyyyyy :D Dood these haters maynn. They bee trippin' <3 DriDri
When was the first time that you had beer?
Jealous. Want. (But getting to places sucks so bad right now.)
damn.
I hate you so much you stupid New York... douche. bagel.
Oh jeez  I had mercifully forgotten about fatman.  Should have been  assholeman-who-will-piss-everyone-completely-the-fuck-off. 
Lol I missed this due to fail whale but I KNOW you probably were up before me...
Whats your favorite j. depp movie?
ah shit that sucks!
lol the fuck what concert was that
Looks like lobby card for  Ocean's 21: On the Half-Ass 
Dang I hate the little buttons. GO BACK ONE TWEET!
damn I had way too much fun as usual doing our Jordan picture spam! I had great dreams on nkotb  strip poker! Lol
Watching the Biggest Loser. I'm amazed by weight gain or weight loss.These people are losing 5  10 20  30 lbs in one week.Amazing
dude...if u didnt tell me how 2 do this fucking thing(twittr) i wud prob still b lyk nowhere with it!
In order not to piss off anyone w/ crappy weather  I'll just say it does NOT feel like xmas/hanukkah in these parts either.
What was the worst advice you've ever received?
a semicolon sounds like some sort of gay sex act gone wrong
8 fucking am.
They all live in the town in which I grew up  which I hate. So I'm not sure we would get along now. Willing to give it a chance tho.
I always respond to that use of gay by asking if the subject really is  fag-o-licious 
Oh  that sucks. Why I blew off my own appointment yesterday. I just couldn't face the wait.
BALLIN! on another note i hate nursing school why do i have to sit here and learn about the latest forms of birthcontrol wth!
you own a gun? remind me not to piss you off anymore.
aw that sucks baby. Just one more reason to love this snow.
:( PS3's are fantastic devices. Kicks XBOX's ass :D
Also that one's not really a vampire film it's more of an emo film. Vampires are only there for added sexual angst.
its ok decided not to go to fam party. going back to bed. wtf moon i hate you. wtf life. dead.
Night shift sucks...hubby was on that shift for years  you never get used to it.
1) it depends on how u come at me. 2) if my 1st impression of you sucks I prob won't be so warm  bubbly. I'm mean though.
I've been getting a lot of that Which sucks  cause I really need a job.I did get a random check from an old job for 100$ today though
Like Zebra man said in rock n roll parking lot. LIFE SUCKS SHIT!
damn girl. that was fire!
If you could be a plant  what would you choose to be?
evilbeet    WAKE UP!!!! HAHAA jus saw ur mesg on my phone. arent u happy that a complete retard like me is on ur side? haha
i would probably make it so the people in my family were happy.
ouch...that sucks about the ticket...it's pretty expensive now. Hopefully chiko can help u out
in time for when I travel and the train company still refused to let me travel. The fucking wankers.
aww...it never snows in texas. it snowed a few years ago. but that was just a freak accident! it hadn't snowed for 100 years.
Haha no  I mean that I love the money  my coworkers  but hate how much time the jobs take up. It is fun to hate them though.
Who owns one  I just fix 'em! Hate it when electricals go to Hades.
everything but you. Everything but you sucks.
don't worry  karma is a one mean ass bitch. They'll get what's coming to them...
you're fucking pathetic
yyyessss>:))) way to think outside the cheesecake:D wooo goods cuz icecream is the beseeest!!!!  specially with cohoclate syrup aaaaaanndgummy bears woooo:D
omg who sent you a fuck you letter??
I dont even want to talk about it. and stress is overrated. i just dont like to think about it
stop the hateration bitch! it's only gonna make that mohawk stand up rotf!!!
How should ShaylaI prank Xen next? (Shayla is telling Xentury to go back to sleep)
Dread leads to hate  hate leads to suffering and suffering leads to the RAGE!
let's get ready to rumble lol what a loser he is. Let's get ready to never give him the mic again
What have you come to like though you use to hate it?
gay people have just as much of a right to be as miserable as straight people! ;)
after that aired on cnn  my mom wrote me an email asking i knew about emo and if i was ok...WAT
if you had the opportunity to be in a movie with any actor/actress who would it be?
the creepy guy that crawls in little girls windows and does bad things to them in the night.
you're assuming they can presently afford them?  leverage is a bitch.
lol nigga you think u can rap?
yes? Yes? Fucking YES?
stop being a pussy. you look hot.
wash yo' ass!
I hate projects like that!!
the most would have to be probs.... super mario? on nintendo something or whatever haha #oldschoolftw.
LMAO......... U starting SH*T already... Ha! It's only 2:30pm there  right! Oh the HATE. Well  I love you dear :-)
how did you meet dad BITCH!
did i jus get a reply from an emo asian!? CRAZY!
oh yeah. Forgot bout the weather over there. Damn  i hate being the last one to celebrate new years.
I have all th nerd at home and I'm a smart ass too. So I answered you
Way to go loser  how does it feel to be an inanimate objects bitch? Must feel terrible to NEED something to be normal. Shame on you!
i forgot her namee  sorry D;
let's get ready to rumble lol what a loser he is. Let's get ready to never give him the mic again
 your design was so un-metal that it was hella-metal.  kim singhs's was bad-ass with the blingee pot leafs and purple pegasus.
yeah and I woulda gotten away with it if it wasnt for you damn kids...
Can you roll your tongue?
Exactly. Poor kids. That damn thing has me watching weird videos on YouTube now. Argh.
stop acting like you know everything. your fat. get over yourself you mouthy slag :L and no your not better then everyone else! (:
Do any of your friends have children?
Not really. Traits of people that I hate? Most definantly.
emang lagu2nya emo? bukannya mellow? :D
Im dead serious.Real athletes never cheat don't even have the appearance of at his level. Fuck him dude seriously  I think he did
Weirdest pet you have ever had?
It's always too early for Dick Vitale.
they stole my slogan!!! I hate them for that!
What's the best place near you to get some ice cream?
oh yeah! Radios powered by pork fat!
um  coz you're awesome? and on another note...yo gabba gabba is fucking disturbing
I'm late to the emo-ball.. I'm not even dressed.  WHY un-follow you?  What did you do now (pft- can't take him anywhere...)
Noooo  this is not caffeine. This is IT! Let's kick ass and then CELEBRATE! C'MON  girlie. We got it goin' ON!
I feel your pain. Even more I hate activex blockers!
  Hate to say it  but I can't make the convo today. Take my space for someone else.
sucks that ppl will do anything to make a buck. i just love how your fans are calling them out. and i'm glad your iphone is safe.
dang...i need to stop eatting cheese. Damn you kraft!
What's your favorite kind of cookie?
I hate the fucking CTA. Fuckin' idiots.
is het -5?! fuck..
i dont want to  sorry dont take it personal.r but i will answer stuff on formspring.
Hahaha wht are u tlkn bout girl!
sometimes i do
yes  i cant fucking wait!  I can hardly bring myself to review  i must but dont want to.
i didnt call in gay either. but my company donated 100 g's to support No on prop 8. ::shrug:: squaresies  i guess.
Pains in the ass cause that twitch!!! I am telling ya
So you were a geek and gay at a very young age ;)
i didnt call in gay either. but my company donated 100 g's to support No on prop 8. ::shrug:: squaresies  i guess.
What brand of shampoo and conditioner do you use?
Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because (it must be) soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
how have your past couple days been?
...see how u kuup switching i up and changing ya damn mind! i thought it was Korea? now madrid or milan?? been there done that!
That's gay. Poor MCR.
I nominate   for the #cunt award becase it just makes sense.
How does he feel about marmite? Love It or Hate It?
I'll love him in the biblical sense  just as soon as they chop his emo hair off.
aw rats-i hate to hear that about my car
If you wanted to look very sexy  how would you dress?
Your John Mayer  My Jacks Mannequin. Andrew McMahon is my LIFE SUPPORT. Not to sound emo or anything ahaha
No fucking way. I usually take 125mg before it even does anything.
What was your last awkward moment?
along came polly. cause its funny
dude  fucking seriously  you watched hella  now pay or wait an hour. bull shit. I want Stage 6 back!
To bad u stopped talking 2 me.
hey girl I still can't use this damn g1 lol
Pool
i SENT it!!!!!!!! u'll prob get it in like a billion years since cingular SUCKS!!!!
That happens here in MD too. People totally freak!
who is this dumpster baby
I was juuust saying hi :)
I bet they hate their lives deep down. They always treat me like an idiot when I'm there.
I don't ive always liked kylee sooo get outta my bisnatch!!!
Damn  you've had more jobs than  um  er  well  you're just always employed! lol
BAD! the world without bees would mean we would die out in about 5 yrs..thats really bad! :(r SAVE THE BEES!
LIKE HOW U SAY WHAT THE FUCK AND CLEAN IT UP WITH HECK LOL
i hate ur fucking guts. u  lindsey? grossest thing ive ever seen
Show your face.
YES ROCK BAND! Only it hasn't come yet  fucking postman. Totnes was brietastic.
wow emo... Ik ben benieuwd...
Hahaha wht are u tlkn bout girl!
Amen.  Thrilled to see Brad Sucks on Rock Band 2. Congrats man  I hope you get some of those 80 MS Points.   FTW!
no it was a direct Church of Why Don't You Bloody Well Piss Off
i like yur bg
the only thing that can make me want to jump of a building is ___________.
vacations.
I hate those fucking hash tags.
ur a huge loser did u know that? lol
SON OF A .... bitch! hahahahahahaha
fuck. YOU. Lost the game.
Ive just been chillin.<br>
sherbert. yes :)
y does u talk shit about peyton 
basically we agreed that you/ are awesome/bad ass. Not gonna lie  i brought you up! ;)
noooooooooooooo you dont have a name
That sucks dude!
Haha:  Ann  I think you are a hate crime.  I would like to maul her face with a garden rake.
Whats your favorite j. depp movie?
Aw  I know  I was just being emo haha.  It's been a LONG week on a lot of levels.  ha.  Let's do something fun tonight!
What's one way people commonly misspell your name?
LOL! The out-of-town revelers are arriving early for NYE...Damn tourists
damn  that was hard  my last attack: gnocchi! If you answer to this  you'll win
thats what you get for being fat :)
ham stands 4 hot ass mess
lmfao! See this why I can't fuck w u! U kno I'm dead offa that Al B Shep!....
te
AJULA NO DONT FUKIN TALK TU HERRR  VVV
What's one thing you own that you should probably throw away  but never will?
damn -- 
Love them> i love cheese.
:/ hmm i no lol
there was no fucking egg nog at the store i got a low fat chocolate milk fuck this bullshit
  I have an absess in a very uncomfortable place. Waiting on the surgeon's opinion. This sucks.
I hate you
shut ur bitch ass up! OBVIOUSLY its not the same but its not like her name is spelt out as Eveyln dumbass.
Yea I hv 2 admit after posting I reread  thought the same thng. Guess I was feelin the sis love  got alittle emo on yall
I both love and hate the sticks! I'm finally going home tomorrow.
shit i think the damn alternator don't work I just got a fresh bat yesterday.
dick van dyke is way cooler too.
You don't even know that half  trust me sallie mae is the one bitch I wish I could divorce right now
..........I hate SUVs. They're a great big ugly road hazard as far as I'm concerned. And very few people really NEED them.
Bitch  I was doing laundry first. haha jk. Or am I?
no komment
they think we only ride chevys and cadillacs...damn stereotypes
okay  i added some people who want sexual spam  i dont do that over mass spam. if you want sexual spam  ask me to spam you individually and i will(: thank you!
Damn straight  Tom. If you can't do it for the lulz  what can you do it for?
green pepper  cheese  onion  bacon-crunchy  and cheese :D
Being able to fly!!!!!!!!!!! :] but it would have to be all the time hahahha
Exactly! Damn cops disagree though
i really like dane cook
ha ha loser :)
What do you do for headaches?
He doesn't seem clueless to me. He seems sweet and cute and witty and eloquent and charming. *swoon* Damn the luck.
BWahahahahah!!! Now you know why I had to take extensions on my damn documentation projects!! Stupid Twitter! *kicks his gf's pc*
ahhh yur a slut for that stache!! damn gurl...tug it once for me too
Do you like broccoli?
Dang I hate the little buttons. GO BACK ONE TWEET!
Thank you miss pretty yourself :]
they have Mountain Song on GUITAR HERO? shit  i have to hate that song now
fat and unhappy?you're undeniably hot are ridiculously awesome(que earlier convo on this).its why i loves and miss ya! :) muah!
I think they'd say fuck you right back lol.
Eff yeah! give   and   a slap on the ass for me
I hate him.
...except for software. In my experience (not nerd cache) Final CutPremiere and Pro Tools and Logic ProCubase. Photoshop is =.
unfortunately i do =( it sucks!  i have my  2 last finals 2mrrw bc we had a snow day that other friday. i dont wanna go back!
If everyone got what they wished for do you think the Earth would be a better or worse place?
that's happened to me twice in the past 4 months. Pain in the ass. Much.
GA has finally let out is inner ass and now everyone hates him :D
i hate sewing. Period.
Damn dude -- they're all short sleeve shirts! Wanted to order a long-sleeve ringer. It's winter man! Any chance of adding?
you can take the girl out of the hood but you can't take the hood out of the girl. Detroit didn't make me a pussy that's forsure
psh bitch I'm at work running 2 trains with a 70 minute wait stupid kids and dumber parents I don't wanna hear it
I can share my gay boyfriend. He just left. Its 1 in the morning. You totally coulda had him from 9 to 1! Ill keep first shift
Have you ever yelled at a telemarketer?
do you love justin?
that a mouse will come in my room at night lol it scares the shit out of me
Im so jealous. But I'll be eating that same rice pudding in 9 days. Enjoy the fuck out of your trip
no fucking lie  lol everywhere i go...twitter myspace i see you... you were on 1 of my homies page!
i have a problem i like to call desk ass.  my ass gets wider the more i sit in that damn chair.
she doesnt want to scar you for life like i could.  cant talk her into sending you the video of they guy with the jar in his ass.
hahahahahah is this dakota? ill read you one soooon
Twitter.
God damn it  Louis!
idk
damn  you caught that. ;^)
Help as many people as I can  that I either do or don't know. As many. Spend all my money  give as much as I can  make a difference. Give all that I can...in one half hour.
attention whore!
Have you been in a wreck?
iWill
TOTAL DICK. Cell phone
fort polk  louisiana. in the united states. it was a military base.
me thinks you're cursed or visit too many porn sites. FF almost never crashes on me (leaks mem like a bitch tho)  Opera never.
lol just rhyming  gay i know
LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
fuck .. dman scary .. it can happen to anyone of us .. poor guy .. :(
Are u a virgin?
maybe you should go punch him in the dick.
zerooooo
Have you ever snooped in somebody else's medicine cabinet?
oh no  I always try to make my desk look neat. Fail whale. There are always newspapers piling up  cables are worse!
sister 18r borthers 11  8  8 months :]
fuck that!
hate you both!!
oh no!! that sucks!
FUCK YEAH RYAN ROSS. il his lyrics way more than wbeckett's tbh  i donut care if they make no sense. BTW rolling stone FAILS.
damn..dat is scary..im movin on da southside..how s it ova there? idk im leavin my lil good life here..disz crazii..*tearsz*
oh yeah! Radios powered by pork fat!
What's your favorite movie quote?
damn  i'm trying to watch a movie...the tweets are going off the huck. :P lol just kidding  don't get pissed alright? ?:D:D:Dlololol
N HOW BOT BARBARA GOT ANGIE ASS GUH ME N TELA WAS LAUGHN 2 DAM HARD
Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
correction sir  I am a gay man in a woman's body as we already discussed. I just want to have  big gay  fun!
yeah cuz his show was on some wack ass arsenio for sports type shit  they need him in a jim rome type setting
where would you most like to live?
yes
fashion parade. (damn sneaky mousepad enter key thing.)
i hate sewing. Period.
damn right! I don't do many things well but cheese is one of them.  We're gonna release Rudolf on iTunes to try to grab the Xmas #1
    re demotix/I&P post comments: the ignorant shld read some history  the knowledgeable grow some fucking balls!
I'm not sure I could work in politics. I hate the dress code.
well just go to the local whore house!
My boyfriend
FUCK! Good one!! Staying with TC  Maverick  Goose singing  Lost that loving feeling  Oh my  that HAS to be top 3...
been there done that  it really sucks. One of them isn't happy. I know I wasn't 
that sucks for your teacher. poor guy. isn't your class full of adults? do they act mature like adults are supposed to?
Favorite nickname somebody gave you?
DOGS LICK THEIR ASS...NEED I SAY MORE? DOG.
Man  fuck Alton-Darby.
I don't hate you all the time. Just sometimes. Not enough to unfollow and block you. lol
i hate those DIY post office things here in #ALB. no matter what the lines are still insane.
I was able to view  Windows --  IE is NOT the most recent  can't remember the damn #'s
OMG marv said he hopes my Areolas implode. now thats demented. i just made a gay website about him  i didnt wish evil upon him!
Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
what is the oddest place you have been with out a shirt on?
Heheheh Hey MIKEY 
It's just crazy. This boy is fucking up my sleep schedule. Probably why I don't mind too much. ;)
oh okaythats good
that is so true! I hate summer when it's here  and then I hate winter!
If you give money to charity  which one do you usually give to?
Haha  dont cry when you drop him off. Hate to see him hit you with one of his remarks in a moment of weakness.
So you are right... reciprocity is a bitch (Just not in the way that Lauren Hill meant it)
no komment
damn! twitpic that shizzle!
Stop getting so damn skinny and maybe your pants will fit! =P
gah!  Damn you spoilers!  I'm only on season threeeeee!
With the departure of the Sonics  I've adopted them as my squad. I still fuck w/ CP3 and the Hornets  but I gotta go Pacific NW.
before i click on your link there  i just want to say that i am who i am and if that offends  ive done my fucking job. =)
careful  soy joy will give you bitch tits!
yes :)
I miss being a kid. yes.
Can you ride a horse?
a) JTP is a douchebag b) Stewart kicks ass!
DAMN I wish I wasn't in college!
song jocker!r
did he really???!!!! OH FUCK OK I TAKE BACK ON DAN MARINO IM SORRY!!!! OK I BLAME ROMO AGAIN! AND WHITTEN! i'm through with them!
wow  bang bros was the ish...haven't watched it for a while tho! :). damn  now I wanna see that! LOL
you mean we chatted about how I wish I were a gay man??
Do you like traveling? How often do you think you ride in a car?
why do i imagine gouthami in police dress kannu adchifying and asking u for a lift! damn  i must stop these perverted thoughts!!!
i hate that i know some french...and the french you used  was the french i know
That sucks!
i hate people sometimes-today is one of those more than usual days
usually  if I am at the point where I'm ready to say something mean  I will click away. I hate mean people.  hate them.
WOW YOUR A BAD ASS... HAHA
uh uh u fucking bitch. haha dont take any coats  skinny jeans  slippers  gloves  bomber hats  or scarves.
Thanksss :) who is this? :D
This is the first day that it has really kicked my ass.  I am DETERMINED so I am considering alternatives.
What colour are you nails right now?
Would you rather own a luxury yacht or a private jet?
I AM SO UPSET RIGHT NOW IRL  GODDAMN YOU. I AM KEEPING HIM TIED TO THE BED AT NIGHT FROM NOW ON  FUCK YOU AND DAVROS.
Hahaha! that looks so emo...poor guy thats y i prefer drums
u in a good mood souljaboy why u in a good mood oh n i luv ur new song 'damn  like it hit   me bac
That sucks.
I love them too. Though I have to say that Sylar is my favorite villian in the show. I love to hate him. Hehe.
bitch you wanna go? Ill kick your ass
u cunt tell me u did not lyk da snow
hehe  fucking shift  ... never heard of it in six months..... u get to fuck in da shift?
damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
prada or jansport?
Fuck you! Learn to surf NA!
I'd like to get a signed copy of 'Running Like a Fat Bastard'. Pleez. Only this will complete my fitness lit collection.
I was trying to download an older Fanboy Radio podcast with Jim Mahfood as the guest but my internet sucks...lol.
mmm what?
justin bieber is my driving teacher oohh yess!..bahah we gonna be doing sumthing else instead of him teaching me how to drive(; lmao
yes.
What was name of your first pet and why did you give it that name.
Are you listening to any music right now?  If so  what is it?
Have you seen his ugly ass? he IS the phantom. Women wouldnt sleep with him if he didn't woo us with melodies and faux-mance
lawl   fat bitchez.
I hope yhu dnt thinkkk yhur prety casue yhur not!
I get that too! It sucks!
DAMN! I'll wait a month before I send mine for a critique! LOL
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK BIIAAAATCH!
damn yeah
ididnt write dhat
watss ur email.?
oh yes I remember you mentioning that once! I live very close to Keller. I grew up in Keller  they used to hate it right?
no i think you will hate it. Its a bunch of dirty work.
ROTFLMAOOOOOOO WOW...Cumleone? Cum Alone? Oh sorry...thats funny though.
GOD. You HATE US  don't you  George?! ::runs away crying::
LOL! The out-of-town revelers are arriving early for NYE...Damn tourists
Yep  it's blocking the absurd hate ur preparing to throw my way in 5....4...3.....2......1
what is one thing you can't live without?? :] its me right?
your not FUCKING pretty  stop hating on grace and all these pretty girls  your just jealous. omg
what the fuck do you have to apologize for??
Well fuck yeah!!!! how about allston?   imma try the one in jersey   I got my 2day bamboozle tics today
damn  i'm trying to watch a movie...the tweets are going off the huck. :P lol just kidding  don't get pissed alright? ?:D:D:Dlololol
We've maybe had 1  total here across 3-4 different  snows  My first time with snow tires ever and I can't have any damn fun!
Hmm..i had been sick all wk so Ive only been around Timothy. And well I texted chels. So i guess just them two. Oh and you :) your questions make me smile sometimes hahaha
whats the operating system on it? i have windows vista and vista sucks bad..it is full of bugs still. shuts down and freezing alot
ROFL! You got me. Monkey would totally kick Bruce Lee's ass. I bow down to your superior wisdom.
Long enough to know you're an ass! You could see that jellyfish shit coming though..
Miley  Bieber!!!
HOW YOU MET TWITTER BITCH!!!
goddamn it kj...fuck you 74 times 
What is something you have always wanted to know?
if all goes according to plan  less than a day.  gotta get the fuck to baltimore :)
Hah  wish I could do that. Being a part of  essential operations  sucks :(
to get fat?
grown ass kid lol
hahahahahhahahhaahhahahahah vvv ayee fix yerr infoooo ->>
ok  i can't believe i just told the haters on Momlogic to kiss your million dollar ass.
i know you got some bama ass shit on your ipod somewhere... some Pastor Troy or something lol.
that's ri god damn dick ulouse! Tasty though. Haha
haha cunt.
like jealous toddlers  equal change to excel When a person DOES excel  other ppl bitch&whine  bc it  makes them look bad   The
Yuh myk a hoe orgasm! Oaaa hot as fukk. Ppl tellen me i look lyk khlou00e8 kardashian n ma boobs iz a 38C to D (:  if dhats what yuh want to have den im here.
damn straight
awwhhh thankyou!!!! your soo nice
and  @justlikeanovel: *raises hand rather gaily* One real gay man right here  darlings! HOLLA! #supergay
damn you.
lol possibly
I hate em..
Whos the best person to talk to online?:
Lol and thanks for the challenge  but I think I need to be a little less fat first. Didn't know   was local?
damn damn damn James....
Are you a morning or night person?
Hell  I'm upset they allow him to get near a fucking camcorder  let alone direct anything. He'd fuck up a 3rd grade play.
Tell her she says Bitch like it's a bad thing
Cool  I've arrived. It's about damn time too....Merry Christmas Doll!
ew i hate twilight
why the hell your customer tried talking shit too me! I should to just push his ass tha ground! Fuck excuse me!
Pink  Neon green(:
the frontal nudity in Locked Up was integral to the plot and the prisoners' hotness. but not gay porn...ok  maybe soft gay porn LOL.
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
the footage is AWESOME AND INCREDIBLE AND SRSLY WORTH EVERY FUCKING PENNY
lmao idk wea its at....haha
what do you always pray for?
you bet your sweet ass you will!
Hope so  but damn. I want out of here. *grumbles*
I did. but now im overwelmed with questions hahah thanks to you! :]
You mean GMail Contacts doesn't hate me personally? I'm relieved! (Though I don't get a Forbidden  it just keeps loading forever)
Yeah  I was teasing Dad  he got a new snow blower  and I said as much as I hate rain  I don't have to shovel it  get home and SNOW!!
Noopee ;not at all (:
damn! 2 racks? on what  might I ask?
less drugz mo sleep bitch!
i really hate that song but thats like equivalent to  fuck them other niggas  to the 40 and up crowd
 damn you and your constant banoffee pie mentions!! Very tempting LOL
It is less that 2 feet from the front to back. 3.5 wide from left to right. SMALL ASS DESK
no fuck you
YAY OR NAY OR GAY?
the only thing that can make me want to jump of a building is ___________.
If laughter is the best medicine  whos the idiot who said they died laughing?
Nerd alert!
Fuck you
Yes veryy trustin person!!! May i help yuh:!
maybe if i was really that desperate.
wErd... you pick out (2) kick ass hip hop songs and we'll doit yo~
I felt the same way 3 weeks ago. And then proceeded to watch the whole. damn. thing. lol
i L o v e Y u h h     (:
you were right  the uv filter that came with that kit sucks. freakin glare spots all over my shots
gah!  Damn you spoilers!  I'm only on season threeeeee!
I've been getting a lot of that Which sucks  cause I really need a job.I did get a random check from an old job for 100$ today though
when is Kick Ass #5 gonna hit shelves?
kaydoll is bettaa than rhubinathy cuss she will suck my dick and the othe fat hoe wont and i luv it my sluts
Injections don't work in Vista? I tried in XP  didn't work there either  crazy bug or something :(. Damn you C++ Win32 API!
ewww  hate it hate it hate it!
i never said that i'm 16 or that i'm sexy. dumbasssssss
damn you hater!  lol
Well  I don't know if you have heard or not... but I hate it.
You silly girl :D
hello:)
damn work fire wall. can't go to myspace. :(
OMFG I HATE YOU IWANNA GO ON NEOPETS :'( WTFFFF. YOU HAVE EVERYTHING I WANT.
What a router-nerd.  Building an end table.  Just rough work to practice.
That's your problem  fireplace sucks all the air up the chimney  only way to heat your house is to make air duct from outside.
It is totally rad  I assure you. But being a loser with no life outside the internet  few people ought to see you in it. ^__^
hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up 3333 ya
dad.
I'm 1/2 with that  as a Realtor  my other 7/8ths would like 2 C stimulus 4 the housing market.  Damn'd if you do  Damn'd...
What is the nicest thing you've ever done and the worst thing you've ever done
DAMN. I just lost too. Thanks Alyssa. And I decided that PATD's new CD isn't so bad.
fuck you Devi. slit em'!
What's something that no one else knows about you?
I dont havee mineee D:
Embedding/linking WebKit is a pain in the ass... building it from source took me hours and I got 3 errors: no compile  no worky
NO. You're in BATH. You worked your ASS off for this. You're coming home to GREAT THINGS. Have FUN FUN FUN. NOW.
Name 1 girl you find pretty.
should be in good company.  talking to self  hate this wireless keyboard... 
hot ass mess!!!! hahahaha
Not really the second one so much. It had some good underlying morals and all but the movie itself drug on and on i thought.
HAHAHAHA maybe but I shall not say but HELL FUCK YEA IM GETTING SMASHED AS FUCK TONIGHT... DRUNKS ALL AROUND BABY!
left and right both... damn i'm tired! how are you going back at work?
No  I HATE those commercials! Just GROSS. *gag* Okay okay  you've got an hour before showtime. hehehe 
Praying for your grandmother and your momma. I hate that they are facing so much.
holy fuck.
fuck you  change your name. Do you know who I am? (yeah  neither does my mom.)
go fuck yourself.
Judge Chevere at the Daley Center..she's hispanic and a bad ass! Too bad i'd never want to go to law school..
After our chat earlier this week  your tweet is a twerp. Thrive or Dive chick?
the fuck shit is this? people died for less. lol
that damn camera!!! lmao
trade secret ... it's an animated gif. Woke up REALLY early  couldn't sleep. My mind said  let's freak out   more.
lol at zach telling us google is evil and the translator on msn is fucking prime.
BITCH STFU AT LEAST I RECOGNIZE MYSELF NOT LYK U
If I had my legs amputated  would I have to change my height and weight on my drivers license?
hey!(: im justin
That's right.  It takes a freak cold front followed by an effing huge snow storm!
dont be silly  wrap ur willy! lol
that damn camera!!! lmao
att is run by the devil  i hate them
uhm i think i love me some freaking joie thasss right  <3 :D
shits gay!
Amen.  Thrilled to see Brad Sucks on Rock Band 2. Congrats man  I hope you get some of those 80 MS Points.   FTW!
buncha kind things have been done for me. BUNCH!
lmao! V  
Do you wish you were more fit?
he's like a curse r he's like a drug r you'll get addicted to his lover you wanna get out but he's holdin you down r r sing it babe!!! :)
you'll get through it and win in the end. FUCK THAT SHIT IN THE FACE (as ange sez)!
I hate fakers...reveal yourself and you got the nerve not to follow people WACK
i saw you had this thing so i made one too. loser i know ha
hahah word  their set was off the fucking hezay
I hate when that happens. Let me guess  Sales  and Marketing need new web reports?... :/
what a coincidence! I'm wearing my fat jeans today and it felt like they were my skinny jeans!
Which Power Ranger is the best?
too bad I don't want you to taste my juicy pussy.
Would it piss off Bill O'Reilly if I wished you a Merry Xmas and Happy Holidays?  I'm willing to give it a shot!
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
Honestly  do you think you are sometimes guilty of stereotyping?r
so  when he laughs  comes down the chimney  does he say   Whore! Whore! Whore!  and shake like a bowl full of jelly???
Hey aujala r
you are GAY!!!!!
If you had to throw away either your TV or your computer  which would you choose?
that totally sucks... that's weird that he would miss something like that  it is a total rookie mistake
I didn't know you were an avid football watcher. Is that even football? I think it is. Fuck sports.
that sucks  I know he was looking forward to that hook up...
What bothers you the most about society?
Hints in icing are bad or good? Skywriting sucks unless the hint is a very short word. I'd suggest a delicious tag for nerds.
well thanks for sayin atleast I can hold conversation even if you was a smart ass about it
Dont you hate when they fucken yell at you for not texting back? lol i do!!!
it's colder here. I hate snow.
eat a dick you complain about texas all day shove it it! you just got told your suck a dick! so eat one
45 windows and only 12 open and about 30 people on break I mean I want 23 a hour to do not a damn thing
kkkk. hope you feel better!
Been trying to find Run Run Rudolph..smart ass! (we're staring with it next Saturday)..Same versi...  
They say I have the best ass this side of fourteenth street.
ooooh! Don't make me come out there now! Whatchoo know about silk's freak me? Nah wait...you need to lose control first
Is the xbox controller involved in that to-do list? If so  I'm jealous. Damn you  productivity!
accomplishment
What reality show do you wish you could be part of?
And I HATE gangsters .
Guess there wont be much skidding then. As is said hope you're on the ground floor or everyone will hate Green Grass and High Tides.
a.job.being good pfffft.
Define a great life?
I've never liked the rainbow as a gay symbol myself :)
 Text me bitch!!! :)
If you eat chicken nuggets  what do you usually dip them in?
YOU SHOULD DIE
yeah and its really cute that i filmed two weddings that need to be edited and I CANT because my uncle sucks hard.
Sean Stouffer lol VVV lol jk naw it wasn't me
i hate u! Jk.. But u can keep it.
You clearly said  Would I have to fuck anyone 
while ago..
the hormones are worse for guys.  I cant tell you how much I truly hate the thoughts that go through my head.
MOD_ELLA IS A FUCKING CUNT
suntem dar ne gandem cum sa gasim o mascota care sa o putem scoate din dulap cand vrem sa acuzam pe cineva pt nenorocul nostru
Hot damn  champ right here! Had the old school TT shell helmet on for the whole trip. Backwards even! Huoooooooah!
FUCK NO I AINT PARTYN LIK DAT JAYLA U STUPID
Do you think youre hot and/or sexy?
I just wanted a fucking money order and it took 40 minutes to get it. They won't even look at you if you're on your mobile phone.
  Fucking Twitter  ok can I come see it?
will ferrell can suck my dick. go on yim!!!
LOL! not bad for a gangsta bitch...wo pretends to be classy...LOL! I love the holidays. My fav... 2nd to my Bday!
omg is he like 19? MUAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA you're such a fucking cradle snatcher  bb.
yes. sacto cali- driving back to palo alto later tonite. eventually i'll get off my ass n shoot.
...when he comes back  he's gonna be pissed!  He'll kick some serious jew ass!!!  JesusLovesSMNB 
such a hater. Damn  if you want some just ask instead of bashing it.
I fuck wit the lows if there dope...but I know y'all got me fam I ain't trippin
hmmm im not sure.
NO. You're in BATH. You worked your ASS off for this. You're coming home to GREAT THINGS. Have FUN FUN FUN. NOW.
I hate you sometimes. lol
dick van dyke is way cooler too.
You have a boyfriend?
have a safe flight.....damn now you make me want some jamba juice
I dont hardly give IDK answers to your questions much so I dont believe your referring to me. But I feel like you don't read my answers anyway sooo idc if you spam me so much..
What is your religion?
Brussel srouts! YuCkIE! bhut i love cabbage and they're mini cabbages! LMAO!
damnit  then im out  my bad for asking :)
Do you wear a watch?
 run over my a Hyundai and ass raped by Clay Aiken.  I would so prefer it the other way around.
Wow for awhile I thought I was the only one getting these poser follows... Phewwww Nightmare over. Thanks
it was a joke haha. i figured id be emo too since everyone is complaining on here
lol.. hate u both..
by a str8 terms technically no penetration means you still have ur vcard but in gay terms she isn't a virgin. sex is sex
Does he have favorite characters? I'd hate to get him the guy he hates :)
it wass gudd
lick on these nuts and suck the dick.
You have a boyfriend?
I hate that song! Why is he in the store by himself? How do we know she's in the hospital and it's not a scam to resell shoes?
yet fear seems like a cop out too  i eat my words...Hate is ugly
Sneakers or sandals?
Thankk youu(;
he was so fucking cute this morning! I didn't want to leave :)
Give half to a cancer hospital to help the cancer kids :/ And then juss save the rest and spend it.
burger in each hand? Wut a fat ass!! Lol
Do you own shirts with funny sayings on them? If so  which is your favorite?
hmm..idk many awards but if there was a kindness award of some kind and it was achieved by helping others. id like that :)
yes i think so
What do you think would cause mass hysteria?
why does eueryone hate american eagle? wat happened?
alright. The test is on Monday and I'm gonna be studying my ass off.
Damn homie...I've got a comfy ass couch at my spot  zimbabwe that puts NYC to shame...You should have hit me up...
Not really. Atlantis was okay. Old Star Gate on now. Was about to watch Numbers. Might do Sudoku instead unless u ready u fuck :)
FIRE HIM!!!!!!  lol lame ass mofo....
Don't you hate that! I hum a lot  usually just notes; but this time of year I don't dare hear I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus!  Noo!
I can give you some tips on how to slut it up  if you'd like.
you do have a problem. What did u get bitch?
lmfao.r :)hahagreat
LOL!!! VIOLATOR IS THE TRUTH!!! HATE THEM AND U MUST HATE URSELF!!!
BFG.
Have you read/watched A Walk to Remember?
Now that youve slept with two different people in a row  you seem to be having an excellent day because you just came across a hundred-dollar bill on the sidewalk. Holy shit  a hundred bucks! How are you gonna spend it?
Would you consider yourself to be spoiled?
lmfao seriously...Well idc Alot of femalez got a crush on mi
Did you know that you remind me of an old man?
fuck outta here  for reals?
damn doll  u kinda look like brit wit hair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hate u
I didn't get sad the Alaska trip got postponed until I thought about some King Alaskan snow crabs!!! Damn I really wanted some!!!
dont even try <3 haha
dont hate too hard!  it hasn't been very warm here lately!
i literally could not breathe. that was so fucking scary.
I know  but I hate it more when I lose a subscriber. It's like they decided they didn't like you anymore or something.
what part of louisiana was you born in?
Not too much
 Oh  yikes!  I hate that.  Will she willingly use the toilet for it?  My boys won't.
yes. my sister. all the time
i hate those DIY post office things here in #ALB. no matter what the lines are still insane.
you're the bitch :) fuck off.
damn australians!
Yes i think so ;)
Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
Love You  Man  Not in Gay Way or Anything :)
I love them too. Though I have to say that Sylar is my favorite villian in the show. I love to hate him. Hehe.
Grammar nerd.
Could be some accounts getting removed after suspicious behavior.  Damn spammers...
yah dont really need anybodi rite now
lame
bitch i can rap beta den yo ugly ass
Oh  conservation you mean! That is a good point.  I admire many socialists but hate their ideals socialism brings with it.
lol! hey  stop being modest.  you OFTEN are a hot bitch.  :)
there's nothing better than listening to music on shuffle and hearing you say  you bitch!  randomly in the middle of it.
Fuck off.. I'm not ready!
Describe your first REAL date?
Do you guys like robot chicken? i do;) asked
What do you think of women who wear revealing clothing infront of kids?
hahah yeah he is my husband :) and i willl!!!!!!!!!!!!! thankyou :D
(avec un retard de 5 heures) Bonjour Semio!
what's your most used word?
I'm all about peace n positivity  but sometimes you gotta give a little kid an ass whoopin' 
hey man! You =gay! Lol jk
my leg sucks.. I can't frickin' walk and mom is screaming at me to go all the way fopr tution even though maam said ok 
No  I HATE those commercials! Just GROSS. *gag* Okay okay  you've got an hour before showtime. hehehe 
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a lollipop?
like I said  I wouldn't even do it with your dick!
I know  but I hate it more when I lose a subscriber. It's like they decided they didn't like you anymore or something.
crutches suck big time. i hate them lol. hope you get better soon! :P
Currently. the 2010 camaro.r Its so beastttt :]
i REALLY hate you
damn right I'm interested. I run beastsoftheeast.com
Prison Bitch is a sparkling addition to any resume.
I hate going outside.
Lol and thanks for the challenge  but I think I need to be a little less fat first. Didn't know   was local?
OMFG I HATE YOU IWANNA GO ON NEOPETS :'( WTFFFF. YOU HAVE EVERYTHING I WANT.
the one im in now. one year and 3 months
ahhh yur a slut for that stache!! damn gurl...tug it once for me too
:)
OOGA BOOGA FOOCHA FUCK YOUR WHOLE DAY!!!!!!!!
ice cream :)
freak yeah  i do
NOT A DAMN THING besides him leaving his macbook pro in my car because he was to lazy to get up and get outta my car
You'd be television slut.
the fuck shit is this? people died for less. lol
If you didn't have enough money to get the bus home what would you do?
let's be gay together!
I mean you hate it but you bought it  doesn't that speak for itself
which one? kuz iThink yew tawking bout mi ex
psshhh!! your on the WRONG side of SHUT THE FUCK UP!
brush my teeth
What is boring to you?
I care wayy to much.
fuck off dude  don't waste my time...
damn  that's a really insightful way of looking at the structure and process of writing. Helpful  too. Thanks. :)
OH AND!   that guy in dark knight totally was wearing guy liner... he's gay!
this si true last time i had three w2's its a bitch man i feel your twitter pain
ya iGot yo request... Damn yew gotta lil ass behind yew
BITCH GET ONLINE  I FOUND CUTE SHOES
i hate u
it is. Hate that LOL
I love them too. Though I have to say that Sylar is my favorite villian in the show. I love to hate him. Hehe.
sam are you showing in 'in sequence' at white whale on friday night? I wasn't sure... since you'll be out of town for the opening
What a fab site! I didn't see the cozy *snort* but I want the mermaid gloves! Damn I wish I'd paid attention to my Nana... xxx ooo
i don't know that bambi's ass is a nice place. LOL
WHATTTTT O________O omg.....nahhhh i hate roller coaster and im extremely scared by this shoot......
Damn  thats a serious studio session
I hate it  just want to start trouble
that sucks. Why is your vision all messed up?
yea
While searching for leather binders for their Bibles  they use The Joy of Gay Sex as an insert. Handy.
ummm wat the fuck u went and saw the jobros without me!!!!!WTF?????
dam..she cold and she cold in live..by any means necessary you gotta do what you gotta do except for hate of course..lol
tomorrow morning we get an update i am so fucking hungover.
So the one that really mattered was a fail? That sucks!
Grosss! Your face is nasty
*sigh* oh  Karrine. You said the phrase  Sluts with Butts  on a site called MomLogic.com. You fuck'n rule! :) LMAO
fuck off dude  don't waste my time  damn spam users again ...
:?
call me emo again and i'll cut myself
pimping your blog again  but damn funny.  specially including Connex
i hate people who update their fb status more than once a day unless absolutely necessary...tweets-thats what they're for!
What is boring to you?
So sorry to hear that. That really sucks. Pls keep the twitterverse posted and let us know if there is any way we can help.
dude.. I just think the twinke or whateva you call it... It damn cool.. LOL
idk haha :P it probably is el torito  at least thats what i can think of lol
you're a fucking bully  man.
What time do you have to wake up tomorrow?
aww that's awful!! XD I loved the art  and watching them all freak out. I hated the asian dude  he was a dmbass.
You did not come off as a bitch.  At least  you definitely weren't as bitchy as I thought I was being.  I've gotten upset now too
Finally made it out.I hate being a procrastinator.
I didn't know you were an avid football watcher. Is that even football? I think it is. Fuck sports.
oh. yeah. no loving for nikki. poor nikki. she's too emo.
weekend ofzo? 3) I still hate twitter 4) I love Gerard he's writing umbrella academy but I still haven't read it yet -shame on me
purple. always
dude.  she's fugly.  i think ur a desperate ass cam perv.
Old fat finger type suing when I ment using
LIKE HOW U SAY WHAT THE FUCK AND CLEAN IT UP WITH HECK LOL
What were you doing the last time you really had a good laugh?
$10 for water is better than the throat fucking i got for free the last time i was there.
I tweeted it earlier but deleted it when trying to get Tweetdeck to work. Teetdeck seems to hate me. I'm unsure why.
all too fucking familiar
Urgh   this is difficult to answer haha! Umm prob. fixing computers! ha yes i said it im like a WIZ at fixin comps that MYSELF and MOM destroy! AHAHA!
try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
you are SUCH a fucking dork
hate to rub it in but it says 70 on the thermometer here. May have to do my beach walk early today to aviod sprinkles.
Bitch  you wish. Keep dreamin... =]
damn I cant get it then  I dont wanna upgrade to 2.2 cuz then I lose my jailbreak
What is something you never want to lose?
every one laugh at the sad gay clown
Dang I hate the little buttons. GO BACK ONE TWEET!
I know  right?  It's harder for me to get well and keep well since I have a piss poor immune system.
you're a European so stop being a bitch to   or I'll stop buying your chocolate  of which  I once bought 22 kilos :)
good call Boo   Bitch   Boo x2 Dumb ass plaxico
please don't make me explain every time I say something to piss you off. You fall for it every time.
a semicolon sounds like some sort of gay sex act gone wrong
but you gotta love Gertrude the Groupie and Rolland the Roadie and Who the Fuck is ALice? unless you Got High and You Missed It!
Dude  I've given up. After a girl who didn't want kids getting pissed at me when I got pissed at a pregnancy scare. Fuck 'em.
i hate you.
A gay couple getting married in NYC isn't going to change anyone's idea about marriage. Divorce has redefined marriage.
what's gay about a sausage squirting at you?
I think the Standtard is FILLED with imagination. No fucking news  but lots of make believe racist shit.
Nahh. I like being a female :]
Hmmm perhaps?
I imagine. Another thing  every time I open the Reader  my subscription folders are ALL open. I hate that too.
Son of a bitch!
u been on here all of 2 days and bout to pass me in followers... Damn homey!? In high school u was the man homey!  @theflygirl
damn iPhone that's SHITE. Learn English slang
that! and I hate the plane-gobblin!
I know...it sucks! We've been through it  both with the district and private therapists.
THANK YOU! Beautifully worded. I'm so fucking sick of people just hating for hating. Everyone think they're so deep these days.
just because of a dang song. Over it now but damn. Maybe listening to random music while getting ready isn't good/ :o
I hate that I get scared and parnoid when my house is quiet
how many times do u take a bath in a day?
damn never ever in life took a sip? lol... good times bro
damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
:D
and kayleigh would NOT go to her damned room. i'm exhausted and she's fucking around.
aww damn now u know how much your Christmas present was *sobs*
i got a ipod  ipod dock  clothes and other crap lol =]
you must be bored...you are a twitter whore today. ;)
You did not come off as a bitch.  At least  you definitely weren't as bitchy as I thought I was being.  I've gotten upset now too
kk
a.job.being good pfffft.
What's your favorite kind of fruit pie?
Do you scream on rollercoasters?
 So damn slow. It's depressing  I just want to be done!
doc's a dick.. ill manage without injuring myself.. self inflicted pain would be desperate..which I think I am.. Siiigghhh!!
well today it was formspring but usually facebook
I would pull the  I'm suing your ass 
that sucks!
band nerd alert!! Lol
Praying for your grandmother and your momma. I hate that they are facing so much.
you were first to reply with Rudolph. Did you know the dentist elf  misfit theme was really about being gay  not fitting in?
EMMA hahahahah :D I MISSSSSeddd YUHHHHh 222222 <33333
yeah  fucking predictive text
nahh its humorous usually
ok! where is it then? send that bitch to me!! haha!
nope
  aw shucks you guys...are gay.
Elequant. Its how I do. haha Dress nicely. I don't really dress myself to get other guys attention. I like to look pretty is all
yeah it sucks i know  she was one spankin hot mofo
ah damn  ok
Have you ever had a secret admirer? (what did he/she do for you)
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
fly in a plane.
What's something that no one else knows about you?
Oh man  that sucks.   can you help   out?
u whore...
YOU? FAT? R U SERIOUS?!? Remind me to slap U when I c U Saturday  mkay?
Hey thx!  I just hate to have Win XP crash anymore than necessary.  That is why I have been so conservative.  I'm gonna try Chrome.
I HATE that commercial.  It makes me SO mad.
honesty  respect for your partner
There's a dfference? Damn.
Yeshhh
give mi ur myspace
the one im in now. one year and 3 months
Scale: Brat on one side  Pacer truck on the other.... Oh. Too close to call. But  I must say  those backward seats kicked ass.
here's how to teach you phone to say fuck properly. Don't tell your parents. 
it was in reference to his gay suit
grown ass kid lol
That sucks  ya Ive been waiting on this book from Amazon  was suppose tpo have it in Aug. then Dec. 10th now in Jan...irritating
Kick ass!
what do you think of Spiderman without Tobey?
do you like cats?
epic fail meaning it sucks? Hopefully
work stressing over this damn AE meeting we are having   11am.
Kick ass Take A Pic And Let Us See Homie
He's an asshole. I'd fucking bean him  for love of the game. Not starring Kevin Costner.
 midget w/a hookhand hangin off your collar  IM FUCKING DEAD. BURY ME. D-E-A-D DEAD.
hahah that'd be awesome.  aaron is the hugest douche ever.  does anyone else hate the way serena talks?  and dresses?
damn that is shady. Why would they put out a false report?
okayyyy. No. No. None.
hmm  foohl  i said dont approve xD
I hate monday mornings so Im grumpy  
fuck yeah bra
I will cut you in the mouth bitch!
I would only fuck you if I was drunk... lulz.
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
don't know what a tranny is but techno and woman I can put those two together... I really hate that word BTW
damn couldn't tweet coz of school
Damn  that sounds good...
evilbeet    WAKE UP!!!! HAHAA jus saw ur mesg on my phone. arent u happy that a complete retard like me is on ur side? haha
Downey is a freak of actor nature  he makes every character magnetic.  It was a winner.
its needed just clean it out so its not too visible. ha
hey fag why you gotta ask the whole world!? j/k your awesome
we lose perspective living around so many fit austinites. I freak every time im in htown b/c of all the public smokers.
Umm? Think wht chuu want babeyy(:
Yooooo mate   RinnaLovesJB here. heyhey  ask me anything  (:
Well  that's upsetting. We can party it up over here. Jack's ass is quite enjoyable thank you
think the phrase 'couldn't hit a pig's arse with a banjo' fitted somehow. But hey I've had a go  can scythe instead mind!)
Tell me about yourself :)
It sucks!!! My kitty (adopted alley cat) only knows how to potty outside  so I was freezing my arse off trying to get it in. LOL
hahaha. Dont hate! hahaha. you know you fcuk with Young Dick
Alone and in my sleep
Your very pretty.
sometimes hehe :]
admit it. You're secretly in training for RSA.   who? I can see it now: Cigar  red-bull  and can of whoop-ass. Nice.
Do you think that society has become emotionally detached?
who the fuck is bur`li?
so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
What a cunt!
u ever play beer pong?
I do? Damn! But it's FOUR hours! After an hour + of plane ride!
oh no...he grew out of it (after a few ass whippings)....he just steals girls hearts now (he's 20). But yea he was a baby klepto
What music video would you like to appear in or would have appeared in?
i h3rd yUh sU(k3D  @L!X's D!(K n y  cUM3D !N 3 @(H 0+3RszZ 3Y3sz N m0    n!qH+ l0Nq
closing now. some gay xmas thing
kk
totally agree dude. Pushed carts at Safeway for 2yrs in hs  people are fucking retarded
kkkkk thanks for all your spam in a can.
  i'm hammered and want you both at Hot Damn.
aw  shucks. you did all the hard work. Still  good luck with all that  man. Moving is a real son of a bitch.  Happy New Year.
hmmm i hate trying to make up my mind lol
Favorite boyu2019s name?
LOOK   UR TEXTS OR I'M GONNA FREAK OUT   U!!!
I like shopping  I hate lines. My therapist asked me recently  when you get sad: do you go on travel shopping sex sprees? YES!
I hate ism's as much as the next guy but when the shoe fits...
gitu emo jaman dulu ya :D
Yuppers! Nose and Cartilage piercings(;
Full confidence in your ability to kick ass in the new work... *raises a glass in spirit*
is your brother okay now??
 or L7  that's where i totally kick ass!!
That sounds like Charter.  I hate Charter.
lmmfao! Shuddup! Any grown ass man that let's other grownass men call him Timmy is gaaaaay!
Time's running out for them.  The Cboys will pull it off.  Looks damn cold.
Do you get excited over cameras?:
that's a shame  I hate having to unfollow someone! :-P
awww feel better! i hate it wen tht happens to me
Read your post   Sincerity Sucks.   Thank you! I feel less guilty for holding certain  sincere  people accountable for actions
slap a bitch? What you want to do is CHOKE A BITCH like Wayne Brady!
wow  damn I would have been pissed   that...
fuck you op
Show your face.
I estimated how many hours it would take to redo the program  added on 50% because my estimation sucks and calculated from there.
that sucks *hugs* :(
I loveeeeeeeee u Alexisssssssss! your teew fukinn beautiful :)
damn that is shady. Why would they put out a false report?
Way to go loser  how does it feel to be an inanimate objects bitch? Must feel terrible to NEED something to be normal. Shame on you!
i got the 8330 bigger keyboard I got fat thumbs
they laughed alil too much i guess
nerd!
Get Shit Done Day is almost over  fuck it  you should come
do you like nevershoutnever
comedy or horror movies?
fuck fox news...
Nahh hates a strong word.
Damn! He is like the male Rosie O'Donnell.
ugh  you know ro fucking reminded me about red bull.  i told her when i wake up my bibingka's gonna be sore. )-: nightmares!!
hahah yeah yeah :)
jansport :)
yupz iParty all nite nd day
Damn that's a lot of money for tickets! I guess her little girl only turns 16 once though. :-)
re:fuck the creative industries blog post (at squares of wheat):I say:Waaaay too much empty rhetoric there. Be the Change 
bahah yup that you do. but im not gonna tell the whole fuckign world what it is lol
Do you get excited over cameras?:
and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min  out!
It's damn boring. Stay away from that movie and watch The Day The Earth Stood Still instead!
Lemon :] hahaha
BOOO!!! We missed out on date night. I hate the Tinder Box.
you damn betcha
well  you can only watch one at a time but we have 3 since I hate watching  sd TV  now
Kurt you're on the most watched tv station in central Ohio  your ass should be #1 already LOL. I'm just cooler than you!
Ummm probably playing softball for 10 years(:
fuck east-side juice??? whaaaaa-???? that shit got mi feelin like geeeezus in this mufucka! yee!
do you like skittles?
I love u too boo! Sexy ass wesleyclouden!  ;)
stop the hateration bitch! it's only gonna make that mohawk stand up rotf!!!
yes
you ass. Yay Walmart!
Damn. 11a-2p RT  @Orbitcast: New  Kids Stuff  show launching on Sirius XM Kids Place Live 
I promise it'll go away as soon as   wakes up and kicks my ass.
Fucking great movie!! Made my girl sit down  watch it the other...I got drunk and she cried...I love that movie....
most of the time
I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck  what a bad ass opportunity for you.
The JVC (LCD) Reference Monitor I have is  in a word  awe-fucking-some. :)  It's great  accurate and as good as it gets. It's ~ $4k
Ugh. Probably the same brain-deficient retard who stole my name on Youtube  Gaia  and all the faggy sites. How old is she?
I don't use the touchpad(I hate them) I always use a USB mouse. We are a toshiba family.. we have four
everything
Do you know a drug addict?
and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min  out!
damn your hardcore! My legs are complaining from the simple long walk I went on yesterday. I've neglected them over the winter!
a debatable question.
Slurpees are awesome. Damn  now I really really want one O.o
what is the oddest place you have been with out a shirt on?
Fuck off.. I'm not ready!
that sucks. People are stupid.
oh guess who got an australian shephard puppy today. note: NOT ME. the other roommate. yeah. another. fucking. dog.
u are probably right tho   i hate these short days =/
bitch ass hot sounds pretty crappy.
(RT) Fat Bastard (my beagle) is writing his  tail-all  confessional diary about online dating...
Wow! That sucks.
That I can understand. And because I really can see both sides  it just sucks.
i may go with velour track suit.  just have to find one! because i hate shopping  even in the best of circumstances
I thought they separated a few years back because he found out about her past adventures. these celebrity couples suck ass...lol
unpredictable.
  Hate to say it  but I can't make the convo today. Take my space for someone else.
like I said  I wouldn't even do it with your dick!
How come ur pics r all over photobucket. And this girl name Cheyenne Lerner has a BUNCH of pictures of u! Like more than u have!
Imagine. It is a dark night  you are alone  it is raining outside  you hear someone walking around outside your window. Who do you call?
Also  you are not Canadian  fuck.
Top three tips: 1) scan updates  2) pay more attention to   replies and 3) set time limits before it sucks your day! ;)
Nerd alert!
oh noes! damn elves
trust me. I'd love to say FUCK YOU GMAT! But Georgetown  Northwestern  and Uni of Chicago would say then FUCK YOU JG*
ha! Go fuck a chickhen!
nope
How should ShaylaI prank Xen next? (Shayla is telling Xentury to go back to sleep)
Well  get yourself a sticky one that sucks to the chair then! LOL
thanks Jen.  We hate to cancel  but don't want anyone having accidents trying to get there.
WTF! Why did you not pick up your phone yet a mother fuckin gain! Are you trying to tell me something? I called you twice damn it
that fat boy humping the pillow is not right. lol.
to get fat?
BOOO!!! We missed out on date night. I hate the Tinder Box.
crutches suck big time. i hate them lol. hope you get better soon! :P
I agree with you... just hate that we're going to be hearing about it. Only hoped for their loss so Mack could move on and grow up.
dick van dyke is way cooler too.
I had no clue...Damn  Homie!!!
Joiieeeee:) I LaLaLovee Youu  <3
Do you like broccoli?
If you were a monster  what monster would you be?
I've been called a pig  if that helps. Recently  even
nope and nope
OK but I'm telling you  it's going to be hard for me to fight my inner grammar nerd. I'll do it for the cause though ;)
are you off bitch? I want BM it's my best friend! Damn it....hey don't forget FullMoon Getogether tonight
I cunt wait for u to start shitting out the gifts I sent jew.
AHHH I HATE THAT..
you wake up the next mornin -with little memory of the previous nights actvities- in between to very attractive girls/guys (whatever applies) theres a video camera with last nights events whos sees it first?
Seeing all the people that have passed away and just living for yourself and not the worldly pleasures like money and sex and blahhh bull crap
esp. if someone is working for an employer supportive of gay rights  seems wrong for someone to then not show up to work.
Yes you are a loser... I could have told you that a long time ago...
Hells yeah you go back!
damn...bird flu acting up again?
Once again  it happens when you put yourself out on the internet. You get people that hate you...(continued)
Have you ever been cow-tipping or snipe-hunting?
epic fail meaning it sucks? Hopefully
hm i don't have one
A world without bees; good or bad?
Do you wake up or open your eyes first?
lmfao umhuhh flaw buddiee
omg son i JUST figured out how to reply to youuuuuuu. i hate this lmao
btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
fuck them!
Oh my fucking ~*gawd. *eye roll*
haha hey
whats your favorite silly band shape?
that's what I was JUST tellin' myself !! Hahaha I said  Fuck it Kel  just DO IT and get it DONE !!  But I complain the whole way
they don't use Euros yet? damn lol
Hey CRTs kick ass... I love the Viewsonics and some of the Sonys
DOGS LICK THEIR ASS...NEED I SAY MORE? DOG.
Is there such thing in life as a selfless sacrafice?
Blue Bear  or Purple Penguin?
Seriously! He know's I have a final tomorrow that I'm studying for  but he's done with finals  which sucks!
lol oo no!..guurrrl u must be crazy!!..b/c i love u muchoo!.
did timmy have fun?
hate to rub it in but it says 70 on the thermometer here. May have to do my beach walk early today to aviod sprinkles.
ur a damn fool lmao
What if youre in hell  and youre mad at someone  where do you tell them to go?
I'm keeping it now *just* to piss you off. hehehe
luigi's masion is straight fucking fun. short but fun
they made me shit ;0
BTW TaskPaper  you were damn close. My sanity cannot allow me to try any more GTD apps. (not a few weeks anyway). HitList????
haha I always say that! Girl or not  I too can rock out with my cock out! Hah
that would be nice  too.  because i hate feeling violated every month with no payoff.
nigella is a bit of a tease I reckon  imagine how fat you'd be stayin at hers
Why do you like Justin? You guys talk alot. And like really?
I wouldn't with ur dick! Now u owe me one!
someone
nobody talks to my sister like that! Take ur goddamn frive iphrones and get the fuck out!
fuck yo couch! In yo face!
that sucks that the internet is being twitchy. Hope it works soon. :(
I hate that too!!
LOL! i know i tried a few times and had no luck. damn my mouth! :)
Cats or Dogs?
but tequila lures me in...then bitch slaps me silly.  Last night there was NONE of that.
Oh man...that sucks!
What's your funny story?
Whn we gonn b 2gether?
LOVE 
bitch you wish.
Predictability Sucks!   WHUUP! (not being predictable)  Kev
damn  that was hard  my last attack: gnocchi! If you answer to this  you'll win
 Rubacky's just too damn cute. :-) He's one of the best AMs around  too.
sounds great  what time should I be there? Oh  I hate garlic  can u leave it off my broccoli? Kthxbai 
it's one thing if it's my friends using it on me  but I hate when 23 year olds message me on OKC and call me that or Older woman
hey  who came up with your name design?? that is cool ass design...
heyy besttfriend !(:
touche (i hate getting SHUT DOWN. I guess that's what I get when I pray for humility.) at least I am a better student t ...
I tried to rickroll my office christmas party last night but the damn band didn't know it!
Night shift sucks...hubby was on that shift for years  you never get used to it.
IDK. My parents are  okay let me restart..My mother is relentless. My Dad knows me quite well actually. My mother just doesn't like the thought of me having a mind and using it. Ha. its annoying but hey  its not like we can choose our parents.
 'Cause I hate that you breathe  I see you duck  you little punk  you little fucking disease.  -- all of my favorite words...
what really happened...hate I missed it. Bummer!
fuck andre! it's strippers lol you coming home to him!
xD! i know. hmm ....i wonder how it feels like to fuck bingo  hard .....hmmmm  i guss i'll never know D':
OMG!!!!! tell me!!!! ughh grrr rawrr bianca? LMAO! idkk TELL ME!
I HATE technology  but it makes life easier. The problem is when technology messes ^. Take an online course  ur computer messes up
fuck yo couch
I'm counting down the milliseconds til you OPEN THE DAMN BOX.  if I have the patience of a saint  you have the willpower of a GOD.
well  i don't get out to places like that much. the  big ass  burger should have been the first clue to the lever of classy tho.
what time is it where you are?
did you wink at all today? to who?
I was trying to download an older Fanboy Radio podcast with Jim Mahfood as the guest but my internet sucks...lol.
it pretty much is a fuck you card..
no way!!! how could we hate you!!!
damn that store! ~*Krystle*~
high heels :]
Yes! All of those twitters were directed at Frank Miller and his horrible screen play! DAMN YOU FRANK MILLER ILL KEEL YOU!
Dude they dont finish enclosing the fucking showers. I hate half assed jobs. Whats the reasononing behind it? Makes no sense.
LOOK LIKE DAT GIRL OFF OF THATS SO RAVEN
hate? i was congratulating you  your a humanitarian!
Damn  looks like you blew up on youtube since I was banned. Grats  good luck bro.
I prefer 1st weekend of December for decorations going up. Hate shops selling Xmas stuff from end August. Late November better
Im glad to meet someone with similar FREAK gifts to me.  haha
I don't blame you  don't worry  hes totally gay for Rodney
fuck!!! that sucks arse!!! lol....omg....i just cut my face with my ring!!! OOOWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
awwww. ur last twitters were kinda adorable. not in a gay way
I would have laughed so damn hard.
well yeah you got me there..master race my ass!
What's a subject you wish you knew more about?
Thats great  i hope things work out fine.. (:
i would have liked to have seen the solar eclipse that only happens every like 7 years..or whatever. it just happened this year. but i wish i would of gotten to see it in person.
Because  Oh  for fuck's sake!  has so much more impact. And our generation likes to offend old people as deeply as possible.
 Never go full retard  You'll see what I mean in a sec...
hmm if i know you well enough its like 8 but if not then like a 4-5 ish haha
nothing says you love him more than wooly ass sweaters and gift certificates for beer!
ugh  you know ro fucking reminded me about red bull.  i told her when i wake up my bibingka's gonna be sore. )-: nightmares!!
wow you must be payed out the ass im in thw rong bizness hahahahaha
Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
Well  you can send me two and get fat on the rest :)
heh i'm a thunking (friggin hate that word  'thunking' how daft  anyway)  is it a CON?
Queen being that im a lady. and Miss Universe to be more exact. That's be awesome! And what I want for one year..who wouldnt want that lol
What was the happiest moment in your life?
holy shit I'm not even taking that class  and I hate it 
ahh damn it: Action 12.1.5.0 of Microsoft.SharePoint.Upgrade.SPSearchDatabaseSequence failed. and i didn't snap shot my VM DOH!
gay or lesbians?
Idk. what makes me a hottie? haha
what are you waiting for atm?
Fuck  amen to that
What would you do if you found the wallet of your next-door neighbor who you hated?
QuantumOfSuck is a wannabe Transporter 3...
that's awesome! We just paid one off in May ... and just took one back on. But 1/2 the paymt. But I still hate it!
That sucks. But what kind of parent buys a toy because it's HOT? What about the kids' personality and taste?
The JVC (LCD) Reference Monitor I have is  in a word  awe-fucking-some. :)  It's great  accurate and as good as it gets. It's ~ $4k
try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
wat state do u live in?
Is Tosha your real name?
agreed. Continues to piss me off too.
te
I do but I picture the fat guy in the leotard
thanks sugar  i get a little sensitive here and there. damn holidaze!
are you the person you want to be?
if you tweet about that damn song one more time.... And its on the Scion double disc promo cd
i dont care if its him or his ppl ... i care if its authorized or a poser squatting
Myself Bubbly Funny?
do you like girls? hahaha:]
my hearing aids as they help me hear the smallest things like crickets :D family as they will always be there for me:D and God  even tho ive been struggling with my faith lately i know he will help me and wouldnt give me anything i cant handle
Did u now tht ur ugli
hmmm I hate cats (sharp claws  teeth) but like yoghurt. What to make of this???
Enlighten me....
your still gay and a bitch haha
i got bioshock for chfristmas form him yay bt it sucks i cant play it 
not a control freak  would gladly give up any of the glamorous morning duties! will continue to sigh loudly for now.
Well thank you :] you are too!
I like them. How'd you know?
cool.
oh LOL I use a client so I never get the fail whale :-p
I would if i could  but i cant :(
I haven't started mine yet and don't know that it's happening. I'm a card freak  though  so probably I will send something.
I threatened to shave my head the other day ;-) I hate my hair right now
I hate it  too.
I DO know you on a personal level. Bitch.
Shut up your prettier! <33
 I hate them  too.  Don't use them.  Worrying about whether users post your article to sites is a bit narcissistic  I think.
nopee
Nahhh your fine :)
diz grul name kiya y?
Favourite game?
totally loved Odo. But the Ferengi make my skin crawl. out of all the species  they're the ones i hate the most. yuck!
hey  fuck you 3
coincidence my ass... LOL... But it's a good suggestion so it'll go in the hat... Singapore would be interesting. 5 more...
I DO UNDERSTAND! I WAS TRYING TO PISS YOU OFF! AND IT WORKED!
That doesn't sound nice at all. As somebody who was made redundant with one day to trade last year with Swatch  I know it sucks!
damn yeah
Maybe you should get your dick out of your ear next time I'm explaining them to you!!
lol.. that sucks..it's so nice in miami... catching that ocean breeze from the balcony....don't want to rub it in...lol
this only makes me hate having a verizon contract even more.  erg.
Umm.   good question i have many bhut i guess 16 and pregnant would be 1 of my fav ones atm. ;D
Yes  I've read that too. It's good for filling you up  but I really hate running to the john all day&even worse at nite #gno
yeah and its really cute that i filmed two weddings that need to be edited and I CANT because my uncle sucks hard.
omfgshz. i hate lemonbars with a DEEP passion  too!
hehe i know  people are stupid...and i knew it was you ;)))
makes even gay men question their sexuality.
hot ass mess!!!! hahahaha
Can he seriously help me out or are you taking the piss of him :)
you mean we chatted about how I wish I were a gay man??
Nope. I don't eat much meat actually but I don't think I need to label myself to eat what I want when I want it. lol. I lovee me some veggies <3
Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because (it must be) soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
Yep  he left with supposed  mercury poisoning  Mamet said he apparently  left to become a thermometer  LOL. HATE PIVEN.
haha
that totally sucks... that's weird that he would miss something like that  it is a total rookie mistake
there's gonna be a nerd party in utah on new years!
whos your favoroute band?r A: ITS SHORT STACK OMG!!!r is it really?r YES!!! no really tell me?
what's your favourite colour?
sucks that ppl will do anything to make a buck. i just love how your fans are calling them out. and i'm glad your iphone is safe.
I heard it sucks... What do you think so far?
Damn that was supposed to be a reply.  ANyway I'll have a couple more I think  not sure what came out well.
y'all are so fucking classy. miss you!
Who would make a better spy...a woman or a man?
Listen Guiness. Get your paddy-ass outta here
idk
you're fucking pathetic
 Text me bitch!!! :)
wow  mommy's little cheerleader! *must... not... take... the...piss......*
Always seems like..
yeh you r right... how should the 1 be?? i have no bf too!:)
says  ahaha thankss. my auntie kim always says it grassy ass=] she's amazing. 
Do you bite your lip a lot?
mhm
I just did the same thing. Now it's Miller time  okay  Chardonnay and picture editing time  but it's still *MY* time damn it!
i hate you
damn...wish I knew how to write script. I just did 9 and have 7 more to upgrade.
shut ur bitch ass up! OBVIOUSLY its not the same but its not like her name is spelt out as Eveyln dumbass.
kno I check ur blog out! Alpha females vs being a bitch.....damn u be analyzing!
so i said listen cunt.. i hope your year brings prosperity and happiness. and then i got my gun  and blew her brains out.
i second that. i hate banks
Thats pretty damn awesome! Very smart :)   Sure!
I hate that entire area of new york.
guilty pleasure by cobra starship :D fangs up! <3
Is it better to get too much or too little sleep?
Don't you just hate deciding on things.
What is the last store you went to at the mall?
Welkom  Dat Apple freak deed me besluiten je maar te volgen :)
yes love one
I had to listen to my parents. Not listening wasn't an option but once I got older and moved out now i take their advice with a grain of salt and do what i want :)
kicked ass this week.
Visit? Plz *-* 
vomit.
Good  hungry actually :)
    re demotix/I&P post comments: the ignorant shld read some history  the knowledgeable grow some fucking balls!
its been a while
Have you ever been Ice Skating?
You'd be television slut.
I fuck wit the lows if there dope...but I know y'all got me fam I ain't trippin
freak yeah  i do
Hey  I'm sorry about the rumours. That sucks. But Erica's right  you have us FCAs behind you for anything *hugs* Hope the  ...
What the fuck was that? Did someone puke in my ears?
Sure glad you found something better to listen to. Would hate to hear you make the news  that  way
Not often. haha
Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
Damn that's a lot of money for tickets! I guess her little girl only turns 16 once though. :-)
yikes. That sucks. Sorry to hear that.
Scars on my face? Are you threatening me? I don't like liars  threats nor unexplained coincidences. Kindly fuck off!
Yes. and do the fourleaf clover thing :)
That really sucks. :(
hate you both!!
ha! Go fuck a chickhen!
I hate you so much right now. 
i twissed you! (twitter-missed yo ass).
man  they photoshopped the fuck out of summer glau. her boobs have a life of their own  her face looks like a bad glamour shot.
Fuck that! I feel awful for you  having to wait out there!
i hate to say it  but i caught the tail end of his perf on SNL  and he sounded hoarse or something
Ugh  twitter stop it  you fucking slut.
lol...hell naw...its the fine ass one!
Well  DAMN...Thanx For NOTHING!
I should round house kick ur al qaeda lookin ass in the face with my flip flops!
YUH AREEE!!!<3
i hope not Tara! sucks someone would do that.
yo freak  sarath freak 
Way to be a dick.
aww that sucks :( I hate hiccups  and that whole  scaring yourself is the cure  crap never works for me.
fine! i'll stop!! Quit stompin' my cock!
yes. love it
Oh Shit!  I am a yoga loser. But not any other kind of loser.  I have already showed up once with no class  alas.
no one likes every fat snack u do bitch! so shaddup ahahahahaha
Smile. Ethnicity. Eyes. in that order the most. and my least favorite feature would be my height  but only because forever I wanted to be a model and in America you have to be likeee 7' anorexic giraffe. hahhaa
coincidence my ass... LOL... But it's a good suggestion so it'll go in the hat... Singapore would be interesting. 5 more...
attention whore!
Josh needs medication. Stat. Can i kick his ass for you now?
I don't hate you all the time. Just sometimes. Not enough to unfollow and block you. lol
Lobsters and ligatures? Are you a Portland-area type nerd  then?
Damn :(
Do you think it's better to find love or let it find you?
I hate you.
i see you still like frances ;)
was it the Nigella coca cola ham? that pig rocks!
FUCK YEAH RYAN ROSS. il his lyrics way more than wbeckett's tbh  i donut care if they make no sense. BTW rolling stone FAILS.
Do you believe in fate?
well just go to the local whore house!
N!qq    yuh   v!rq!n   D0n'+ +h!nk yuh !z
don't fuck with Fiat
 Found you through Twitter Grader  i hate the flying whale too!
OHIO in the states. hahahaha
okay  not more. But equally.  I'd welcome a Moby Dick shooter  if it doesn't have a lot of cut scenes...
TASH! I miss ya crazy ass!!
You done started something! Got me all nostalgic and shit KNOWING good and damn well I got work to do...LOL
Favorite color?
damn  nice concept! gots to check with the brother vic though...
So if lifes a bitch  and sleep is the cousin of death  that whole dam family needs help!!!!!
funny background statement =>
I'm with you man. Here I am on Twitter at 20 to 6 in the morn  damn.
bitch you wanna go? Ill kick your ass
:-)  My line in the sand: watching shows on my computer screen. HATE it. w/42 inch plasma  groovy sound  you can never go back.
... this is so post gay  it hurts .... NSFW! 
lol.. that sucks..it's so nice in miami... catching that ocean breeze from the balcony....don't want to rub it in...lol
What do you value most in your friends?
just use water  loser.
NO. You're in BATH. You worked your ASS off for this. You're coming home to GREAT THINGS. Have FUN FUN FUN. NOW.
That happens here in MD too. People totally freak!
A Snuggie to be burned? What kind of sick traditional blanket-loving freak are you?
have you ever been in trouble with the law
you're fucking pathetic
shut your ass up I did....they got me though
i couldnt agree more. HATE sandra lee!
not even michaela?
andrew once again stop talking to MY friends. nobody likes you. you think your hot shit and thats whats annoying. bye failed rapist :)
aww that sucks man. you've learned a lesson for your kids... leave'em in the cold or spare key under the poinsetta pot
Are you trying to say the saran wrap  bacon fat  and rubber bands I currently use don't count as REAL gloves?
I've been called a pig  if that helps. Recently  even
yeah. money i love finding it too
I dont hardly give IDK answers to your questions much so I dont believe your referring to me. But I feel like you don't read my answers anyway sooo idc if you spam me so much..
I totally forgot Affliction!!!' fuck outta here!! I got ur tribal tattoo right here!!!!!!!!
I like these ditties. Can we have them? I'll reverse out the type. I hate white t-shirts
it's their attempt at an instant messaging product  and it sucks.
you are fucking killing me. Please come to a party at my house next time yer in LA. Rice pilaf will be ready
when they mean fake  they mean your attitude is fake and your personality  not if shes dead or alive..um just saying ppl.
Tommy blows cock! lol
DO U NO ALIX'S SISTER HAS A CRUCH ON YOU
Concert you went to that you will never forget?
Don't worry  it's free!  And   says it's got easy achievements  if you're a gamerscore whore like me. ;)
you smell like the insides of a beluga whale's forehead
DAMN  that kinda sucks... I'll be back on jan 2 so i wont be   lipservice the 29th :-( {tear} I'll vacation for both of us
I like when you do that!  :-)  You always look so damn cozy  cute
lol u couldnt really see my big fat poinsetta on my hat lol!!
you might have just made a discovery in cosmetics! Use dark energy to destroy fat!
Meowl?;D If thts a word haha<3
by a str8 terms technically no penetration means you still have ur vcard but in gay terms she isn't a virgin. sex is sex
Do you believe that everything happens for a reason?
What is your favorite flavor of water?
well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
but worth the cost and pain in the ass when you see all your boston pals... right?
What is one thing you honestly could not live without?
I wanna get him a ring that means  ur a great kid to fuck 
*sigh* oh  Karrine. You said the phrase  Sluts with Butts  on a site called MomLogic.com. You fuck'n rule! :) LMAO
Yes as a matter of fact. why does that make me a one of those people??
maybe he sldnt cum out in his mofo boxers n dance around hes guna b jumpin around n his junk fall out
Yes <3 thanks for asking 
Damn! This is deadly  keep em coming! :P
it totally sucks!!!  i had to call the stores with the fraudulent charges  filed a police report  sign a notarized affidavit
Beetles taste like apples. Do you still like apples?
I don't know. I be using that SAAAAMMEE damn key!!
we all fucking know better.
so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
Who would be ur premiere Ultimate Dumb Ass?
Ok you are gay for watching that show you damn flake lol.
a semicolon sounds like some sort of gay sex act gone wrong
nahhh
you are SUCH a fucking dork
I'll be a crab ass with you. BAH HUMBUG!
duhh  im da only onee dhatt typee likee dhatt 
i am so with you on that one. i hate hunting season also
gotta love brandon! damn!
 if anyone gets tired of my questions or just generally annoyed with being spammed please let me know. I am not here to bother anyone! Thank you!
 who *didn't* grab your ass once you got to EG? i mean  seriously...i saw lots of grab assing. just sayin'...
Sure glad you found something better to listen to. Would hate to hear you make the news  that  way
who's your best guy and girl friend
says  ahaha thankss. my auntie kim always says it grassy ass=] she's amazing. 
here's how to teach you phone to say fuck properly. Don't tell your parents. 
doll  you know i'm fucking feelingggggg you!  thank god you'recoming this weekend so it forces these fuckers to get on it.
i literally could not breathe. that was so fucking scary.
coronas! <3 so beer would be the answer :D
What's the last furry thing you touched?
Whats your favorite flavored Pringles?
awe  how gay :P
thats the only set back  and its a bitch to send ish back
you're gonna get fat!
yo freak  sarath freak 
Gee  i might if the person running this hadn't been such a bitch to me. I'll focus my efforts elsewhere  thanks.
*falls off of bed laughing fabulous ass off* Dude I think that made me BLUSH. WTF? LOL?
i hate you
It just sucks that so many use it as a crutch.
Are you a good painter?
alright cool :)
that really sucks :-( I could have recommended you an amazing chiropractor!
i still think your hot
i was afraid people would think i meant actual buckeyes! i hate peanut butter  but when its w/chocolate  its ok lol yummm
MySelf!(:
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
thats a good question.  most lawyers HATE that stuff.
Vanilla
damn you hater!  lol
agreed.  UGO sucks ass
thanks  the nerd in me is overjoyed
If the damn Vikings  would have won yesterday like the should have  this game wouldn't matter.
I'm not sure I can know you anymore.  Why do you hate freedom?
if gov is going to make it  uncomfortable  to be fat  expect it will work  shouldn't they also make it uncomfortable to be poor? #tcot
Snow White or Ariel?
If a doctor suddenly had a heart attack while doing surgery  would the other doctors work on the doctor or the patient?
aww! Sucks that simcity is not stable. I was looking foward to it.
What turns you off?
If the damn Vikings  would have won yesterday like the should have  this game wouldn't matter.
Ballfuck  she's real. Get over it. vv
What did you think of Eminems video for Love the way you lie (ft Rihanna)?
your damn night! I wish I had 666 followers.
Uh... yeah.  Joe and I have been wondering what all the fuss was about.  Put your ass in it  make sure it's tight.. done.
Do you shower in the morning or at night before bed?
damn  why don't all harem leads shout that  kouhai~? would be interesting the resulting chaos
damn 'reply' button ... -.-
Foot fetish? I dont think so... i think its the fact you have on leg cuffed and the other one isn't... not very post gay!
they stole my slogan!!! I hate them for that!
everything but you. Everything but you sucks.
Do you have a tattoo  where is it located and what does it stand for?
Pussy Cat dolls OR Paradiso Girls?
Who's your favorite superhero?
lay out and swim :)
Do you know a drug addict?
What do you question the most?
motherfucker stop drinking Red Bull ADDICT! watch ulcers eat at your stomach lining bitch!
It's not weird you hate that. Me  too but sometiimes the list gets a little unwieldy.
Shh....Dnt tell any1 k? haha! NOTHING! MWAH!
The commercials are just so damn cute! Haha.
They beeped out  cock  .. eh gad! What do they do with vera on corination street with here  Coming to the rovers cock? 
This is the worst:  You'll hate it at first  but it sticks like glue to your brain
:-)  My line in the sand: watching shows on my computer screen. HATE it. w/42 inch plasma  groovy sound  you can never go back.
THAT WAS THE MOST  MOST BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS CARD I HAVE EVER RECEIVED.  I MEAN  DAMN.  80
Damn  I wish you had that up a bit earlier. It would've been a great part of the Scramble.
THANK YOU especially how they turned optimus prime basically into a big ass american flag. effects were ill tho u cant front!
Mmmhm!(:
Thank god! I hope they give that lying bitch the chair.
Actually i do!!! Just my whole experience with this fake a$$ friend!!</3
   HE'S FUCKING HIMSELF!
oooohh!! that sounds good!!! i haven't ever tried that one. damn! my ex held out on me. lol!
Well damn  that means you working wit something!  Lol..
I wish I could punch you square in the face. that's how much I hate you right now.
try fuck.
bitch you love me!
Why yuh only answered da one thng
What do you think is your most attractive feature?
Hate to tell you  Aston went to the beach. Aston is a good beagle. Well mannered. Diva pug needs more attention
any workplace where that isn't safe needs to harden the fuck up :p
you could uh tell me all of the totally cool things about you  where you've been  who you've opened a can of whoop ass on.
all that I know of is the Revenge vinyl. u? and sorry for delayed answer  my internet sucks and trips out
greed.
hate to bring bad news  but if your VW won't jump  chances are the belt or alternator is shot. For your sake  I hope it's the belt.
really i heard u guys got together?
If you were stranded on a desert island  which one person would you bring with you?
it's one thing if it's my friends using it on me  but I hate when 23 year olds message me on OKC and call me that or Older woman
Stars :]
OMG  you fucking got them didnt you?!?!?! I'm so jealous!!!!
i can be haha
honest wud be better... to be true.. now i hate that post..
i got ur ticks  but yo ass ain't gonna come! lol
ahh damn it: Action 12.1.5.0 of Microsoft.SharePoint.Upgrade.SPSearchDatabaseSequence failed. and i didn't snap shot my VM DOH!
Idk I think it swings both ways pretty strongly. The human race is never satisfied and I believe that both sexes have the tendencey to cheat. At all ages and for all reasons.
that sucks!
Of course I can(:
Justtt hit dha G spot so I can orgasm wit dhat bigg dikk Of yours.  Im ova alix. Yuhh betta! ;)
damn  that sux
I'll love him in the biblical sense  just as soon as they chop his emo hair off.
Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
OMG!!!!! tell me!!!! ughh grrr rawrr bianca? LMAO! idkk TELL ME!
dude dont tell me what to do thats not your place. i do what i want. just chill the fuck out and worry about yourself.
I HAVE THE LOOKS AND SOUL OF A FUCKING GODDESS  ARE YOU JOKING?! lol
idk lol
We are flat broke. Ihave a year of paid hosting left on Bluehost. What can a broke ass ho do? Eh?
I thought the same thing  he should have just hauled ass.
What would a chair look like if your knees bent the other way?
if you and jaybee got married and have kids i actually think  the kids would be cute. just saying.
haha. it just bugs me. because posers like her make it harder for people that truely are gay to be accepted
you are such a whore LOL
Haha:  Ann  I think you are a hate crime.  I would like to maul her face with a garden rake.
Here? 7:51 am :]
Hey my names harry beaver;) <3
Is like putting Lipstick on a Pig!  You were perogued! LIVE WITH IT! #canadawest
Love you too april hahaha
damn way to invite me homes
the frontal nudity in Locked Up was integral to the plot and the prisoners' hotness. but not gay porn...ok  maybe soft gay porn LOL.
headed back to NC Thursday. Today DC American History Museum. I'll be the extra fat one in too small jeans. ah holidays...
Dude  oh no U didnt! I got 4 DM's within 4 minutes of me saying  ass ... imagine what would happen if I said  fuck ... oh crap!
700. you glutinous bitch!
hmm so thats suk your soul hate and reinvent you to get my dry cleaning hate?
Damn  that sounds good...
Way to go loser  how does it feel to be an inanimate objects bitch? Must feel terrible to NEED something to be normal. Shame on you!
or maybe go see bolt tonight? or both? don't know if you're busy for white whale stuff... but it's my bday. let's celebrate
Damn iPhone made my Brad  Angelina pick blurry!  
What gives you bliss?
fuck off dude  don't waste my time  damn spam users again ...
Praying for your grandmother and your momma. I hate that they are facing so much.
i dont think so?
Man  why u live in NYC in that crazy ass weather. Move out to LA. It's nice EVERYDAY. NYC is soo over-rated! lol
Fuck. Well  you can for a low cost of 19.99 with shipping and handling. But that's only if you really want to.
Lol and thanks for the challenge  but I think I need to be a little less fat first. Didn't know   was local?
drawing a blank... damn! will have to watch it again now... oh well...
Tell me about something youve achieved?
They're okay. i haven't seen them in a long time :/
Have you seen his ugly ass? he IS the phantom. Women wouldnt sleep with him if he didn't woo us with melodies and faux-mance
ew i hate twilight
HOLY FUCK! GIRL YOU CANT DO STUFF LIKE THAT!
Did you intentionally spell it as 'sux' instead of 'sucks' to fit it into the character limit? ;)
Ohhhh  jeez. That sucks... I hope she gets well!
i hope it doesnt snow here i hate snow
Fat Baby drinkinggg and listening to Duffy's band
Merry Christmas to you too  Casey. For tomorrow. Er  or today. Grrr  damn time zones....
How the hell do we get in these money situations? Sometimes I just feel like saying fuck it and have them come for my car.
nope
oh word? Back to the old photo? You green ass backdrop mother fucker!
yup yup. same grade as you too.
dont hate too hard!  it hasn't been very warm here lately!
Would you ever want to swim with sharks?
not disagreeing. just sick of mid-major whining. yep  situation sucks. whining doesn't help nor prove a BCS team is undeserving
don't worry  karma is a one mean ass bitch. They'll get what's coming to them...
lilmommaabc your phone sucks then! Lol
Online nakedness amuses me.  'Oh my god  he has nipples!  And skin!  He's a freak!'.
at the same time...... whaaaaaaaaaat? lol
it's 60 degrees out here 2day..2days ago it was 20..global warmings a bitch.. Lol
Whats your favourite song out at the minute?
tak to si snad ani nemel psat... ted to budu muset stahnout a hrat.. damn.. a to mam ve fronte Fallout  Brothers in arms a dalsi
Do you sleep with your closet doors open or closed?
Ohhhh  jeez. That sucks... I hope she gets well!
What would you like to hear more about?
last year <3 7th grade
damn you overload issues! :(
oh man....that sounds damn good! now im hungry. damn you!
that sucks.  I do both at my work  which is a pain the rear-end too  because everyone thinks they're designers ;)
im in the same damn boat!!!!!!
Agreed!  Twitter showed the way with the whale ;)
bien. which is good in spanish. hahaha musta?
Is love necessary in life?
hi  do you like nachos?
ah damn.
The Hills! Chuz Lauren was thee whole point it was clld thee Hills and there is 2much drama! Bhut I still wtch it chuz i love 2 laugh at thee dumb shit! Spencer is a prick btw!;0
Would yu ever even think abou goin out wit hannah fish or donna james?
DM. damn.
Tabi. If you stopped hating on Texas everyone from Texas will stop getting pissed....so just stop.? It's that easy
payment schedule...been there...sucks ass
Oh damn. Saw the trailer for Dark City Looks gooood
Damnit.  I've started a new short story.  About a dentist. Fuck.
It's a FABULOUS idea!  I wanna play it tonight!  I say we do it in gdocs and then post it later  but Im a porn whore apparently.
excuse to stand out about something
Lady gaga looks like Christina Aguilera? True Or False?
yep. I didn't think to go online and check calorie/fat count until AFTER dinner. Bummer.
because someone that im not friends with anymore bought the shoes that i want just to piss me off. but im better now.
You won't miss much.  Her husband is cheating  she's pregnant  he's an ax murderer  her son is gay. That's pretty much the soaps
Actually  Dick Cheney slashed the funding of the program and cut the staff down to 1 person  which is why it looks so bad.
we're talking threatening your ability to do business in a professional  not-over-the-top way. w/o being a cunt  somehow.
Hahaha wht are u tlkn bout girl!
Nice. They've cancelled ours. I ask you: how is a man supposed to get drunk and photocopy his ass at work now?
lmao you lie....major please? I'm always in a damn sewing lab til they kick me out...I guess you will be my new fake bf  LOL
Lol how many?
i fucking love ELF! ''Santa! I know him''
This week in fuck?
dont hate too hard!  it hasn't been very warm here lately!
damn... plane crash... ehhh no bueno.
If Jimmy cracks corn and no one cares  why is there a stupid song about him?
ouch...that sucks about the ticket...it's pretty expensive now. Hopefully chiko can help u out
No. Only because if it were up to fate then noone truly has any choices in life. And well i don't like to be told what to do. I like making my own mind up! :]
hmmm i dont remember to be honest
it was 3 years ago I was in San Jose. Liked it but paying state income tax sucks.
Call Guiness...the book not the beer.  You may be the 2008 iPhone App King-O-Rama gold medal winner. How many do you hate all in?
hahahahaha ROTFL! aww that was a damn funny slip up :)
I didn't want to say anything for fear of a split screen of   driving down to kick my ass...
hmmm im not sure.
whyy dose rubinathy15 ask stoopid questions? erase the dum betch
Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
huh?
Haha  damn him indeed
fuck off dude  don't waste my time...
call you? why would i call you? huuuh? ohky ill give you a hint...16.04.10 where is you green dildo ;)
I meant ready 2 fuck:) lol Hope u have something wild and freaky in mind. I'm bored :)
Nose? Newspaper? Net? Nerd? Neck? (Am I making you cringe yet? No? Hmmm  must not have the right word... ;-) 
ummm...just say   naw  not 2day  but i'll hit you up later.  you get the point across without seeming like a bitch. feel mi?
I would be saying the same damn thing about you. LMAO idc if I know you I'd be like see that ridiculous bitch? RI-DIC-U-LOUS
thats looks damn good bradda
hmmm..she knows a lot. she doesnt know....uhhh that ive smoked pot before. that i want to change the world more than what i just say out loud. how much i hate money.
on roads?
Yeah  I would have fucking killed some one if I hadn't saved it. Still  400 DPI is way to high for my computer.
Doh!  That sucks!
we''ll have to make room in the book mom gave you!!!!
poor thing. at least you got in okay. And you didnt have to sit next to a psycho bitch for 2 hours.
DAMN.
Wow  that sucks. Glad u made it home OK!
stalker?
same here...i got new sox they are pink and black...even though i hate pink...they are striped.......................
hey you're an amazing nice and sweet girl..pretty too!
Its a damn dirty rumour  much like the one with philip seymour hoffman as the penguin. that one  though  i wouldnt mind.
mix you will be fucking awesome
D:!  That's horrible  ;__; This sucks.
(avec un retard de 5 heures) Bonjour Semio!
no grown man should include DIP in his sentence....lol...I know I'm hatin but fuck it I'm lookin   snow..lol
what gives you peace of mind?
You know what you are? You're like a big bear with claws and with fangs... big fucking teeth  man.
reow!!!!!!!
well  i don't get out to places like that much. the  big ass  burger should have been the first clue to the lever of classy tho.
Man that sucks.Sorry to hear hope all goes well
Yeah  me too.  If this damn twitter wasn't around  I'd be much more productive.
hehehe. mine pleasure. Btw I too so loves it  when people be presumptous pricksy wicksies! feel jolly nice for me ass to rub on.
How do you feel when someone disagrees with everything you have to say?
burritoville is dead? What the fuck?!
ah  lucky! i heard america's a bitch tho
If you had to cook dinner for someone tonight  what would you make?
hahahah  I love your Bio (; OH OH OH question.. WHY CAN'T PEOPLE SPELL?! VV (:
whwhwhwhoa just slow down. huh!? what do you mean they blew up the death star? f*****ck! F*ck! F*ck! F*ck! F*ck! F*ck! whos they? what the hell is an aluminum falcon
says  ahaha thankss. my auntie kim always says it grassy ass=] she's amazing. 
you seem like a hater. or maybe you do it to piss people off. either way  fact is always good.
Fuck! Are you dead?
Brussel srouts! YuCkIE! bhut i love cabbage and they're mini cabbages! LMAO!
Where's your favorite place to buy clothes?
lol! hey  stop being modest.  you OFTEN are a hot bitch.  :)
yupz yupz hehe
i can see the revolting illegal avatar now :) tempted to make my pussy misbehave in sympathy
I would call it being curious   but naah(: Aree you 
AH! i was too! I hated that bitch. I want Bob or Sugar to win:)
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
Would you like a massage?
JAYLA U TOK DAT DA WRN WAY MEANIN U WEAR PANTIES ASS ITS NOTHN SEXULA SO DNT BE THANKN DAT
THANK YOU! Beautifully worded. I'm so fucking sick of people just hating for hating. Everyone think they're so deep these days.
Yeah. why?
lmfao! bad ass!
Reid I made it!  urghhh... I hate shopping. The trauma of it sent me hiding under the covers. Or maybe that was the cold.
Doh!  That sucks!
its more like 5 mins :) and i was delayed by a train ;)
ur smater than me then. last year  i was out on nye sick as fuck. came home with pneumonia
Do you sleep with your closet doors open or closed?
I'm blocking you because you have no value. Go back to telemarketing  or some other loser marketing scheme.
I saw that. what's his name! In so far as the fat bastard  what?!
yeah cuz his show was on some wack ass arsenio for sports type shit  they need him in a jim rome type setting
thanks alot hahaha
Aah! I actually hate you!
billy mitchell is like the chuck norris of video games... but i still hate his guts! (oops! ok  i love chocolate chip ice cream.)
you might have just made a discovery in cosmetics! Use dark energy to destroy fat!
Minnie mouse
i got the 8330 bigger keyboard I got fat thumbs
the matrix still Kicks ASS!!!!!
:o
kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
Should have read  Dont forget to enter my contest  But it chopped off the  est  What a whore...LOL
that does sound gay. I never had that in year 12. And thanks!
tired as fuck and wish I was with you right now!
Yeah  P90X does! If you  bring it  to each workout  get the nutrition you need 2 recover  build muscle...you'll burn fat! :-)
hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up 3333 ya
  haha. i love it! gay nights for all!
awww that sucks I'm sorry!!!
Cool. I live in Seattle where the wind pretty much sucks (it's like San Diego  but Northier). So  I usually go to Hawaii 4 my fix
dude.. That idea is upgrade as fuck. (btw  my phone finally added  fuck  to the vocab list.. THAT is upgrade as fuck.)
goddamn it kj...fuck you 29 times 
fuck off
a frienf of mine did the mud run. Said it was a bitch showering. lol
it's the season for it....damn u satan
Oh! Hey (:
yeah i want one! but fuck if i cant find one anywhere.
Beach or Waterpark?
I don't always agree with you... but I do this time! Slow the hell down and stop getting so emo about it.
i likey.
Why you confused?
You def have to do that...Philly Cheesteak is like no other...I can't eat it on the reg but damn they good as hell! :-)
kkkk. hope you feel better!
If you were stranded on a desert island  which one person would you bring with you?
What is something you never want to lose?
I used to do the shopping but when my wife stopped worked a few years back she took over. It is just damn cold until April
If there was an amendment that you could flawlessly enforce  which would it be..why?
i like to fuck when i tweetup.
Oh get the fuck out of here with that already go bo and SMH at the complete retards on here typing to you
hahahaha thanks i think? did you call me beautiful? thats a first <3
Hahaha! that looks so emo...poor guy thats y i prefer drums
there should be pictures of him at fucking otaku's cosplay section
thats the only set back  and its a bitch to send ish back
Awesome...Love it or Hate it...An Atmospher of Change...is HERE
ur butiful babe i just wish i waz urz.
yes. for sure.
Damn cat. She snuck into Aidan's CRIB (1st time) he woke screaming  went in  he was squeezing her  she was kicking his tummy.
What's your favorite kind of cookie?
Listen. I love the Lord. But when I get to heaven and he asks  JG*... why were you such a freak?  I will say:
seriously. We're fucking SOFT in this country. The French wouldn't put up with this shit.
I had planned to pick up the kids early  but I'm sitting on my ass now surfing the net...
haha. word. i'm having a glass of wine and retooling my erotica blog project. if i'm gonna be all emo i may as well channel it
Warm Mt Dew tastes awful. :/ Try Jolt Cola instead. Or maybe even Whoop Ass. 
man  that sucks. need any more balls kicked? i'll do it!
How is the Loser episode?  Lotsa crying??
with jury duty just become biased against everyone.  worked for me first time i had jury duty.  told them I didn't like gay ppl
I hate the fucking CTA. Fuckin' idiots.
u can scroll my page. thanks.
yeah dat bitch stabbed me in my eye when I was trying to hit the snooze buttone this morning
I don't know about that... Drew's ass is pretty tiny.  :)  Knees work too... except Drew's knees don't work...
Damn I'm sorry to hear that. =( well its a treat when you do go I'm sure!
stop tweeting  get ur ass here and pick me up!
Lol. Ur a bitch. I've done Hondurans and Chileans  and I don't need some closet gay Peruvian dressing better than I do!
I HATE my white trash christmas outfit its terrible i look terrible and fat in it.  I dont know if i can do it.
sh. everytime a hot vampire movie comes out  my popularity goes up.  yes it sucks. the stamp on the death of literary ficiton.
No  Joe. I am not gay. This is the 3rd time you've asked. Still straight. Not really the kind of thing that changes wk to wk
I AM SO UPSET RIGHT NOW IRL  GODDAMN YOU. I AM KEEPING HIM TIED TO THE BED AT NIGHT FROM NOW ON  FUCK YOU AND DAVROS.
Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
yeah go ahead and play victim  i do know you nico. thats how i know your a player.
Do u wanna get raped? ;) hehe
lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
you can take the girl out of the hood but you can't take the hood out of the girl. Detroit didn't make me a pussy that's forsure
  says fag... no one likes jacob...  and im starting to  question ur 2nd to last twitter...
No. Im not. But thanks for throwing that out there ;)
DM. damn.
get your ass here !!!
you can take the girl out of the hood but you can't take the hood out of the girl. Detroit didn't make me a pussy that's forsure
FUCK YEA! THX! Id like to thank all my influences from my grandma (rip) to Sam L.  id also like to thank myself for being great!
fuck you
u always got the fly ass profile pics. im jealous :( merry xmas numba!
The dam  @chilis? Is this like the pig under your tree? Have you cracked open the chard already?
it is. Hate that LOL
yea it's different from warm cali  but's cool :D weeeell gtg now :| gonna meet some friends i a few minutes lol.bye :] xx
thanks  that's the part that is so hard. Hate to see my grandmother hurting.
They're not my preference  but the app is so damn fast and thorough that I let it slide.
Damn skippy. I demand to see you before I leave.  You going to come meet BlendMom?
Now I'm gonna have to go back to McLuhan  Leary to help me translate WTF you just wrote.  Damn  I hate when that happens.  Heh.
apologizing for overactive hormones SUCKS.
dude  it was your birthday?  Damn you!  You foiled my foolproof  never miss a birthday coz Facebook reminds you  scheme.  Hpy Bthdy.
If love is blind  why is lingerie so popular?
its not my bedroom  but tan. blahhh
Smileyyyyy :D Dood these haters maynn. They bee trippin' <3 DriDri
agreed.  UGO sucks ass
what happens when you run out of Word of the Gay words. :)
Fuck off.. I'm not ready!
What a router-nerd.  Building an end table.  Just rough work to practice.
Figured tis the season to be fat. For a bit. And then start working properly on weight in the New Year-A is coming to gym with me!
i quit heroes. nathan is a fucking douche.
idk haha maybe beowulf:]
damn your Jedi mind tricks!
i hate you so much right now. my ass is fed up with this snow shit and it's only been a week since i've been back up north!
Alexis My Stomach Hurts :/
Are you a leader or a follower?
i mean he acts like he is thankful for his fans but i think its all an act cuz he sucks at giving info/directions #$%# sorry again
you own a gun? remind me not to piss you off anymore.
i got a blog on ozonemag.com about Pinky the pornstar trying to act like a business woman. being a slut is not a biz  its a cop out
You have no idea how damn tempting that is. I've already procrastinated by drawing roads and zebra crossings ;)
That sounds like a plan. :) Kick ass  indeed. And any beat that stands the test of time is a banger  for true.
fuck off dude  don't waste my time  damn spam users again ...
yeah  I did that a few months ago. How's your show doing man?? looks kick ass!
oh hot damn!
what happens when someone tells u gators suck ass lmao. U pull a gun or stab them to death???
The JVC (LCD) Reference Monitor I have is  in a word  awe-fucking-some. :)  It's great  accurate and as good as it gets. It's ~ $4k
hahhahah yeah you!
i live with my boyfriends family and i think that explains it enough
Hell  I'm upset they allow him to get near a fucking camcorder  let alone direct anything. He'd fuck up a 3rd grade play.
pffft you mean maybe you'll suck ass for her
U wanna give me more... :p ...fuck me and feed me huh? LOL
Amen.  Thrilled to see Brad Sucks on Rock Band 2. Congrats man  I hope you get some of those 80 MS Points.   FTW!
lol
can u be a lamb  add a *gay* category to ur awards so I can nominate myself  others
If the universe is everything  and scientists say that the universe is expanding  what do you think it is expanding into?
Oh I am coming with  ahhaaha  ah man  fucking starting children  gets me every time.
That depends on if you are dealing with a pain slut or not.
GUH YES SHE TAGGED DAT ASS LOL I WAS LIK DAM THEN ANGIE POP UP LOKN KRAZ
Nah  high in calories. Hold on and ill send a delicious low fat picture
fuck you haha
Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
Fuck you and your family.
let me know if you want a co-pilot tonight to keep your ass awake!
personality 9r physic 8r looks 8
oh dhatss watss up
Ooh  You mean Whooty's   Wht grls w/ bootys  LOL! my lil bro put me on to that corny ass saying.
you were given two plane tickets to the Philippines..all expenses paid..who will you take with you?
There's a dfference? Damn.
I don't hate you all the time. Just sometimes. Not enough to unfollow and block you. lol
GO GIVE YOUR GAY LADYBOY HUSBAND AN OILY BODY MASSAGE WHY DON'T YOU. AND   yes its true.
shit talkin bitch
Nope. Show your face? why dont you?
ever tought about going to the Moon or anouther Planet ??
Who do u like
That is bad ass.
Excuse me  but whoever the fuck that is under me can shut their fucking mouth  you dont tell someone to go kill themselves motherfucker you go kill your self  seeing as you have nothing better to do then lurk her formspring.
Why would gay marriage  change the basic structures  of your family life? It neither picks your pocket  not breaks your leg
That's happened to me before  too (replacing a flat with a flat). That sucks.
your mom sucks  BITACH!
No...
bitch... lol jk
I hate you
THE NEW FUCKING GENERAL OF THE WORLD  THAT'S WHAT.
suree might be a bit cuz im on thaaa phone
...dude  Im a producer and exporter of IP content which COSTS to make and I dont live in a mansion. And I hate hypocrites.
FUCK YOU!!!!! I'M DIVORCING UR FUCKING ASS!!!!! HMP!!!
i can fuck with birdwalk..cuz it's a dance beat..but that stupid yes sir..HELL NO!! eat a d*. LOL gucci bandana is aite. not hott
are you left handed or right?
LMFAOOOOO. and he looks emo now? i'd believe it.
Yea its got a heatsink bigger than a server lol. Its a great machine. I am loving it except for the leg is bent. DAMN COURIERS GRR
Where you do want to grow old?
awhh i would saw lets! but i have a husband d:
I'll get my beer before too long... that's for DAMN sure! LOL
Haha thanks lady. r Worst habit: giving everyone the benefit of the doubt.
Im dead serious.Real athletes never cheat don't even have the appearance of at his level. Fuck him dude seriously  I think he did
I'm laughing at your  Don't hate me  please.   Can you imagine a man ever saying that?  Not to be gender specific  but...
Be prepared for Toro to be a comple ass...
 More DnD podcasts!?  Fuck YEAH!
D:
bwahahaha  I just said  yes I'm leavin and ya'll can kiss my ass  They thought I was joking (I was... sorta)
We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
That happens here in MD too. People totally freak!
i hate it when that happens.
Madonna concert w/  @lcastinado. got here in 15 mins and got free VIP parking. Sweet-ass!
Im gonna take pole dancing classes would that make me slutty?
Haaaaaaaaa  damn Jay
His ass does have shrines all over the southland.
best day ever?
dude...if u didnt tell me how 2 do this fucking thing(twittr) i wud prob still b lyk nowhere with it!
im pretty fucking skilled then :D
  cece is a bitch. she never wanted them to be together!
spanish
by a str8 terms technically no penetration means you still have ur vcard but in gay terms she isn't a virgin. sex is sex
Hey  it's your cousin again :] When are you coming to visit us? I'm gonna make a formspring :]
yes. tims dad
lmfao! bad ass!
And boycott that fucking bar if they don't carry it!
Stop getting so damn skinny and maybe your pants will fit! =P
sucks man.
That sucks  at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
Who are you? :-)
DITTO! I got your Christmas present yesterday  I think you will like it. (duh; like i would get it if i thought you'd hate it?)
yes and i dont remember.
Aww... Dnt hate the weather  rain can be so soothing sometimes!^^ I still have one more test DD:
home now. Misses wont let me drink beer tonight cus I gotta do shit tomorow morning.Sucks.
I love that you love hockey! (even if I dont like your team- tho I hate the Avs too so we have smthing in common) Go 'Nucks!
my programs is telling me the same damn thing. WTH!?!
damn. lol. let me try something else. hot lesbian sex. nekked girl on girl. free porn.
Do you sleep with noise or in complete silence?
What's the oldest piece of clothing you still own and wear?
Did you believe in the tooth fairy?
If I could run OS X on a Toughbook  you're damn sure I'd get one today.
Ummmm you outta know ;)
yo I will nerd out on this shit all day!
It is totally rad  I assure you. But being a loser with no life outside the internet  few people ought to see you in it. ^__^
/emo damn you.
FUCK YOU RIGHT IN THE FILTHY PUCKERING SPHINCTER YOU CALL A SOUL!
i SENT it!!!!!!!! u'll prob get it in like a billion years since cingular SUCKS!!!!
Night Guy' is ALL motivated   11pm but he knows 'Morning Guy' is gonna hate him when Miss Emily arrives at 5:30am ;-) Night Tweets!
a kids cereal. :]
idk yet. prolly no one cause my boo wont cook anymore for some odd reason and im sick so i wont be eating. usually i do but here lately i havent ate much
system updates are always slow on the ps3 I hate them
    wow I totally know that fine line between love and hate! #dead_by_january_i_didnt_sign_up_for_this_shit
haha. that sucks though. if it's any comfort  i had a student break some of my XLR contact mics. gotta break out the iron now.
IMA ROUNDHOUSE KICK U IN UR FISCAL POLICY IF U FUCK WITH MY ABILITY TO PRINT TEH MONEEZ  MOFO!
trick of the mind and the eye.
fuck. :( 3
im sooo hungry now. idk of any right now haha im eating grapes.
haha  that's ghey. Tell them it sucks balls and they need a real designer.
It's just crazy. This boy is fucking up my sleep schedule. Probably why I don't mind too much. ;)
whats wrong with a monkey fuck? Lol i got my zippo fueled so no need of monkey fucks now lol
gee  i'd hate to see what you say about the family ;)
Noopee ;not at all (:
lol damn... im sorry?
i kicked ur ass on balloono A.K.A the bommer man thing i was lameguest(bunch of numbers)
If heat rises  shouldn't hell be cold?
he won't wanna pet the guinea pig?
during the winter i do.
Okay so I am pretty much ridiculously jealous of you. You're so pretty!
i second that. i hate banks
Love You  Man  Not in Gay Way or Anything :)
k im hella boredddddddd hurry the fuck up i saw my bro playing it  game looks sick
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
hate to tell you but it only gets worse  we're at 1440 in the UK and all my office wants to jump out the window!
check it on your wii  whore.
attention whore.
I was being a retard that day I wasn't even thinkin I was too excited to go up .3 nothches in blackberrydom...lol
all the emo people will explode :o
oh wow  that really sucks. :/
I should round house kick ur al qaeda lookin ass in the face with my flip flops!
In order to survive 3 more days you need a small meal. There is nothing with you except your pet monkey... Do you fry up some monkey?
I've said it before and I'll say it again..... slut  p
look im sitting at home twittering my ass off on a friday night. I should know better then anyone  lol
bojangles? damn you! so jealous.
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Quick! Forget the prenup! Get lo-jack implanted in the new wife instead! I think he's an ass.
What colour are you nails right now?
Closed usually
this makes mme smile lol. I hate him. But we still dont bring him up bc to us he is dead and non-existant.
for real tho...I really like Kinetic Typography..and its dope to a kick ass movie scene too...check it out  u may enjoy...
have you ever gotten stitches?
SHUT THE FUCK UP!
I don't think they're hard enough to be honest. Society wouldn't be the way it is if people would make they're kids have morals and standards. Aids is spreading at an unbelievable rate these days. Just sayin...
oh I hate disappointing kids  I figure the stress of the connection starting late teaches them a lesson for next time
wee.. we are in the same field =) so you mean you haven't start college yet?
I think editorialising of news reports and blogging are not the same. I hate the first and the BBC is regular offender
gay people have just as much of a right to be as miserable as straight people! ;)
Me?? Hairy ass??? WTF?!?! I would laser that shit...
damn -- 
i hate you.... you know why
There are two types of people in the world: those using  lol  ironically  and those that are fucking twats who deserve to die.
i feel fucking great get me another drink
v3rmillion Sorry must have been all that gay porn I signed you up for.
I have no clue what I've stumbled upon  but I laughed my ass off... you might too: 
oh bugger at car screaming.. that sucks.... glad to hear the rest was all good
hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up 3333 ya
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
if you could change your name to anything you want  what would you call yourself?
who's the prettiest person you know?
Those soundboards are pretty funny  the lady is like it is illegal to call a 1800 number he is like FUCK YOU! :)~
broke freezing my ass off with -1 temps  ice lol.  Ross
I'm doing nothing. I was thinking about going to the Flaming Lips concert  but hate going alone.
 I was there helping your ass pack to get on the plane. A tru friend  helping you track a sub sized weiner like fucking GPS
xD! i know. hmm ....i wonder how it feels like to fuck bingo  hard .....hmmmm  i guss i'll never know D':
Hell yeah!!! And the best bit of movie dialogue ever..Jason says  I am NOT the gay!  ... OK Jason i belive you ;)
yea
Full confidence in your ability to kick ass in the new work... *raises a glass in spirit*
Fat Tire. Steak Taquitos. RocketTransfer.com. AJ's on Court in DSM.
Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
im sad there's only 15 more minutes left! i hate how it shows only once a week lol
damn right it wi be!
That's just one of many examples of Superman being a dick. 
yep. have some kind of infection in my foot. might be gout. sounds gross! hurts tho  i hate meds. make me sleepy! how you?
Ok dis weak iz no good. Booked all morning wit srs naps  den runch wiff dat bitch miss muggles. Howes next week?
Kick ass!
arse for king! I get mine out all the time! Hey  I'm gonna be fat old n wrinkely one day! My god cider is not my friend! Or is it?
y0 d!(k !$ l!K3   c0RND0q
no im just fucking pissed at shit
When was the last pity party you held for yourself?
it's called shitty ass fuck shit sir
whatever about the Gay Byrne voiceover  shame on Eason's for running Christmas ads in early November!..
that sucks that you're sick. Sorry to hear that.
 If they would have cremated that son bitch I'd be tale grabbing his ass right now 
I couldn't agree more.  And if I didn't feel like such a loser I would say I win for understanding!
hahaha yeah i know  and i figured
niggers
happiness. always.
Bra ;)
where'd ya put it? o btw:  kick ass quote Copyright 2009   All Rights Reserved 
Fuck you Ian  I know you're using a joke book!
I learned that making a full pot of coffee with a single serving press is a wicked pain in the ass. Ordering 8-cup from Amazon
damn u i wanted to see sexy lesbian porn lmao
cool. But that fireplace looks totaly gay.
I hate to open the flue after a long fall. We get birds or dead squirrels...totally scary!!!!!
cuz montana sucks?
twice.
We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
Girl  talked to Black Milk on the phn for an hour. Watching  Big Bang Theory  drunk as fuck  eating cereal  its cold in the D.
I love cheese cubes.
Excited that yr friends get to see yr show. I hate them. ;) No  rly  I do. .....Sad that tonite is last show.  Hard to say goodbye?
thanks :) i think you would too! I just dont because im not wrapped around the hs drama anymore. therefore im not in it..so oh well.
we've been catching up on lost. the truth is i dont like it very much but it sucks you in because it's so freakin' weird.
he said don't hate....
Damn woman you don't know your own strength.  LOL
your code sucks! ;D
you got a myspace
well u say any language.. so.. coba tebak ini bahasa apa.. kamu ngerti ngga aku ngomong apa? ;)
Will you b my valentine?
i think i'm hating the celtics more  sorry. :|  they won last year. and i hate kobe  but he's a damn good player
well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
*watches than throws up* Man  that's was sick as fuck! A glass jar?!?
Favorite lyrics?
Err:508
Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
summer workout tape? How you gonna workout to Kanyes depressing ass album  ok  maybe 2 songs
who's jokes
all the emo people will explode :o
That sucks  at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
sucks  don't it?
fuck you I miss the island
no it was a direct Church of Why Don't You Bloody Well Piss Off
aw  shucks. you did all the hard work. Still  good luck with all that  man. Moving is a real son of a bitch.  Happy New Year.
omfgshz. i hate lemonbars with a DEEP passion  too!
honest wud be better... to be true.. now i hate that post..
Well  not unless he wants some hot Vulcan action.  It only happens once every seven years  but damn  is it worth it.
I think there are always reasons. of course ;]
Wow  that sucks  work at home day?     I couldn't agree more  good day to be under the covers  relaxing.
You're soft...Dude ran our country into the ground with no shame whatsoever...People need to be throwing boots  fuck a shoe...
lol whore bath...funny.
Any new and exciting news youu2019d like to share?
sucks for you
Hmmm..the second one i guess. but id have to go cammando.
 If you not on twitter you're a fucking moron  I agree
dude no offence you're awesome but currently I think I hate you. :0)
I almost punched her vagina into the new year... grrr she was a cunt bag. How is your trip going?
rock  not the. He gives the emo populists limp wrist rocker throw.
dam..she cold and she cold in live..by any means necessary you gotta do what you gotta do except for hate of course..lol
Starbucks guy It's ten o clock we are closing  My Mom You're kicking us out
because i'm a dumb ass.
u r pussy. lulz.
we gonna make bklyn see what's up! Hell fucking yeah!
you ass. Yay Walmart!
We loovveee chicken.  Damn i do also so I really shouldn't complain.  And since I found the chicken i am in a better mood.
i decided since its almost your unbirthday that im gunna send you a present
Thomas Gibson. He's an actor.
I hate the nod drivin. I got it about -10 in here  tryin 2 stay btwn the lines. Jesus help me!
TWITTER SLUT!
i like questions please feel free to ask more.
Slurpees are awesome. Damn  now I really really want one O.o
hate. you.
oh damn Hootie! Yup late 90's. Now that I think about it  I was a big Hootie and the Blowfish fan... back in high school.
how often do you go braless?
i give up fuck aim. ill ttyl.
I need to get my grandma to teach me how to cook that they be so good. and them damn collard greens fresh out the garden
YOUR MOM SUCKS ASS. Don't be such a douche. It's obviously not done. I'll add the fucking parm when the noodles are done.
God.
I don't hate any man but I want every fan and reporter who was humping his leg at the start of the season to reflect on the season.
Cute default.
ROTFLMAOOOOOOO WOW...Cumleone? Cum Alone? Oh sorry...thats funny though.
Are you random or predictable? Why do you think you are this way? Would you rather be the other way?
damn!  I hate to miss that  but I'm in Vegas again.
trying not to hate you right now
I am glad the snow turned to ice now when K Rock beats you  you can take off your underwear and sit in it bare ass. Youll  be sore
stop saying you hate gwen! Youposted earlier saying you love her! Ur hot then ur cold ur yes then ur nooooo
 If they would have cremated that son bitch I'd be tale grabbing his ass right now 
all day son all day GBG grab ya cock if ya love hip hop
any of them haha
aww damn now u know how much your Christmas present was *sobs*
Fuck yea it's the bomb
I love New HAmpshire well the white Mounts.I'm from Maine and I know I hate cold also hence why I moved to Fla.
damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
nom nom
How would you describe yourself in 3 words?
would you rather date a really ugly girl with lots of experience or a really pretty girl with no experiance.
I am SO sorry for you...wait..what am I saying? Mine is going to be home for 2 weeks TOO! OH DAMN! Teela can keep him busy!
argh fucking motherfuckers!!!!='(((( I can't believe it dude the place is legendary...how dare they..
:((   tweet tweet you cookie crumble ass nigga
    wow I totally know that fine line between love and hate! #dead_by_january_i_didnt_sign_up_for_this_shit
Man!!! You got out that garage hit them stairs so damn fast!!!!! lmao!!! Im like look at this nicca... lol..
Whatever... I just hate how the popularity of bands seems to inversely affect how much people are allowed to like them
are your parents on facebook?
or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
HOLY FUCK! that was one tough fucking cow!
STFU YOU HOE. you piece of shiit.
do you like cats?
how many of you like twilight series?
lol ummm idk i like alot of them :D
what kind of hamburger do you like
something to make me money.....like lots of money.
Dare me :)
kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
try finding a place open to get an Italian beef and it's my birthday! This sucks ass
They're okay. i haven't seen them in a long time :/
if I ever fall alseep with them on  I wake up with the off. Hate them.
bitch you wanna go? Ill kick your ass
<3
probably
just found the email buried in inbox  count me **IN** i've been on the receiving end of foodbanks growing up. it SUCKS BIGTIME
Its foggy as hell here too. Looks like damn Seattle.
ummm that would be a no. went to school with him but didnt date him haha
then eat  ass! Don't eat ass though  just eat...you ass
I just wanted a fucking money order and it took 40 minutes to get it. They won't even look at you if you're on your mobile phone.
LUCKY. fucking love Bacon.
immortal? invincible  privileged  all-powerful  above-da-law  I-am-da-law  da ends justify da means  I don't give a fuck I'm IT...
who are you? oh uhmmmm HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU FRENCH WHORE!   Bed time last time im telling you 33333333 gots thats  ...
If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
that really sucks!
woah! So suprised when i saw your updates! I always knew that you hate computers  =D
fuck betty she killed me...
another reason I hate DMs is:  they ring in on my SMS even though they are often lame ads  and not urgent for the sender  nor myself!
and prolific  and pretty damn smart about her career. although. those effing upgrade commercials suck rocks.
well damn we should have had a tweet up. I was at Kona last night as well.
o.  Well then.  Fuck santa.
Once again  it happens when you put yourself out on the internet. You get people that hate you...(continued)
say it to my face trick ass nigga i will fxckin murder you i aint tryna make no body feel bad so you can hush that you got something to say then please  step up  show a namee fuckinn bitch. whuss up?!
ughh me too. And I worked for Estee Lauder throughout college and I still hate the cosmetic dept. I dont even have allergies either
I wouldn't with ur dick! Now u owe me one!
Dare me :)
damn u i wanted to see sexy lesbian porn lmao
Twitter.
I hate my life haha
wow that is damn ridiculous.  I think i will be crossing off dubai for places to visit.
Listener definitely chuz i get cut off alot so i just listen or ignore pplz!
Grew up a Habs fan  which meant I had to hate the Leafs when I moved to Toronto  which meant embracing the Wings.
gay man
GUH YES SHE TAGGED DAT ASS LOL I WAS LIK DAM THEN ANGIE POP UP LOKN KRAZ
God damn it  Louis!
Stretch your left arm out as far as you can  What can you touch?
May have to end up getting a MAC myself... and an iPhone... Although just can't get used to the touch screen. Fat fingers.
He says he did :] haha
and you're a smug cunt  so it must be true!
i dislike that
I find the exact opposite to be true.  I can review a book I hate in fifteen minutes.  Good books take hours.
g-r-e-a-t.r it was a small chair  i was like sitting in your lap.
damn yo I did!
holy shit I'm not even taking that class  and I hate it 
that's happened to me twice in the past 4 months. Pain in the ass. Much.
ah damn  ok
Haha. Damn. Someone noticed. Liked that old one. Changed again  something more gooftastic
what will you do f you found out that you are adopted?
Well i do now :p
okay  i added some people who want sexual spam  i dont do that over mass spam. if you want sexual spam  ask me to spam you individually and i will(: thank you!
timmeh?
Damn cat. She snuck into Aidan's CRIB (1st time) he woke screaming  went in  he was squeezing her  she was kicking his tummy.
hate to hear about your car. Is it the transmission?
Do you like carrots?

so do i! especially rocket. I hate celery though
dropped off some old 3.5  floppies. A System Disk and Mac Paint.  Retro Mac crap kicks ass!  Photo: 
slap a bitch? What you want to do is CHOKE A BITCH like Wayne Brady!
I hate Juno. That movie blows!
If you woke up in Jail  what would your crime be ??
Windows Mobile sucks!
nigga I'm DYING over here reading this sweeney interview.  anybody that aint me is a bitch  CLASSIC
Aw  that sucks. *pats stamsgal's head*
spilled coffee ALL OVER ME. Bitch.
 @lastlee...that movie was good...not boring...very gay....but equally good
you're a fat bitch? I think you just called yourself one. Lmao... Well if you wanna out yourself in that category... Ha ha
fuck betty she killed me...
lo thankyou.. will see you soon :) and i hav to send a mail to u damn!
LOL! Yes  all hate mail goes to rockdog @annieburltalk.com and gets read live on the air LOL
No. Only because if it were up to fate then noone truly has any choices in life. And well i don't like to be told what to do. I like making my own mind up! :]
damn right
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
I am SO with you on the joy of sugar cookies.  Just flour  fat  sugar.  What could be better?   Nothing.
I heard it sucks... What do you think so far?
JET!!(: Hate boats! Worst experience ever was on a boat! Never again!
yeah  I'm okay. Thong was wedged far enough up my ass that it prevented me from shitting my pants out of fear.
What is happening around you?
how do you stay so cute?
I've been called a pig  if that helps. Recently  even
Take Ur ass home
thanks  nerd.
Damn dog  didnt call them like I said to? Well I is working till around 9ish
If you could lose one emotion  which would you like to lose?
King tut. how he built the pyrmids?
follow me  you jackass. i hate you sometimes.
omg I know  everyone tells me I'm a twitter whore  lol
wannabe fortune teller. backtracks his entire premise in the last 2 sentences: declare it dead  but it'll live in a diff form
and let the merciless fun-making of the latin nerd commence....now.
They're awesome  lemon ricotta cookies.  This is only the second time in my life I've burned myself but damn does it hurt
Don't you just hate deciding on things.
Have you seen Bitch magazine's article about twilight? about  absitence porn  
WATER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :]
17 hrs! Hah! Try it for a week like we did here in NH. Just kidding! No power sucks. Shows how dependent we are on  the grid! 
The potbelly has a big backyard. My Mom wd let my guinea pig run thru the house. She would repair the rug when it got chewed.
damn.
Ech! LOL....if it was me  I would wash the sweats at least twice...then again I hate bugs!
lol wen iFirst made diz ish yew was lyke hi so im juz asking who diz?
pikturess love! ahah yuh dont tell mii nuthinqq no moree ahha I FAWKINQQ MISS YUHH!<3(:
no. havent you seen Bruce Almighty. Nobody knows what they really want...?
we r so fucking on for real. I might leave after Josh  but i can't wait! _
Are you saying it's a gift for people you feel little emotion for cuz I gave some to   and he's my private dick... detective!
50's new video game is supposed to be setup like Gears2. Hopefully it sucks less than his late ones.
The libertarian case for gay marriage.  
I'm late to the emo-ball.. I'm not even dressed.  WHY un-follow you?  What did you do now (pft- can't take him anywhere...)
plz dont even talk about getting fat i put on   LEAST 15 lbs its delishhhhh mad chocolate TO THE DOME
I knw!!!!!  I hate that! D:
spam 4 spam?
sorry i missed you   Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy  I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
what the hell is the point of tweeting from an ipod touch if you are just going to use the mobile web interface. get a fucking app
While searching for leather binders for their Bibles  they use The Joy of Gay Sex as an insert. Handy.
Name everyone that made you smile this week
Happy birthday you damn sexy hobo!
  Hey  thanks~ I missed you too! I didn't get ANY cock* in my face for New Year's.  (*fvrd)
Yvonne that's a french ass name Yvonne.  My little cwasont 
FIRE HIM!!!!!!  lol lame ass mofo....
There is a theory that it eliminates neck fat through circulation. Started doing in high school. LOL. It worked! Avid tapper!
DOGS LICK THEIR ASS...NEED I SAY MORE? DOG.
Also  you are not Canadian  fuck.
D:!  That's horrible  ;__; This sucks.
Who is your favorite member of Short Stack?
aw ill ask something so u dont go crazy ^_^  ok um what do you want in life :P
CALIFORNICATION is about fucking  and how awesome it is to be David Duchovny and fuck hot young girls. Which is probably true.
lol idk
That was fucking hilarious... WIN
The tilt looks cool. I always get the newest phones  I'm a cell phone addict or whore....
thanks. i know i hate it to  but it also makes me happy to see ppl that care. you made me smile  so good job :D
lmao
that sucks!
depends on your plan. if you pay out the ass for it  no.
Damn  why not just put them in a hotel? LoL.
you won't die in Queens we're civilized here in Queens  hell there's a Starbucks  McDonald's on damn near every corner  have fun
   HE'S FUCKING HIMSELF!
Not too much
get them all out of the dome ....NOW damn it...
 marinates penis  That's gay dude.
Does it annoy when people jock your shit?
what're you holding in your photo? lol just curious :]
no i think you will hate it. Its a bunch of dirty work.
Putting pants on sucks lol. Ross
hey hey this is from skin and bones by romance on a rocket ship. i love that song
sure you can  I'll hide the flashlight. go emo go!
last nights Top Gear had V8 powered rocking chair  Fail. And Jeremy is gay.
I bet we are freezing more than you are. The North sucks. Ugh!
Hard to play because it is damn fucking awful
this makes mme smile lol. I hate him. But we still dont bring him up bc to us he is dead and non-existant.
Online nakedness amuses me.  'Oh my god  he has nipples!  And skin!  He's a freak!'.
hey umm.. talisa  even tho I don't give a rats ass bout this shit   | talisa  the damn monkey mail doesn't come on monday lol
No  I don't.  I hate downloading crap to my phone.  Feels like I'm bogging it down. I'm weird.
If only Edward and Bella were slightly less emo :)
yes walks to raise money for cancer patients and I volunteer for adopt a highway! Gotta care about our mother earth :)
YES!! she'll call me and be like get your ass out of bed and then she'll name a list of bs for me to do
hahahahahahahha lmfao I HAVE A MY YEAR BOOK. that was probably mine  i stopped useing it like forever ago.
Not necessarily  while I do not agree with hitlers actions  he was a damn good general  and got germany out of a depression that
Fuck mod_Ella.....
you must be bored...you are a twitter whore today. ;)
lol
lawl   fat bitchez.
welll
damn I'm behind
if gov is going to make it  uncomfortable  to be fat  expect it will work  shouldn't they also make it uncomfortable to be poor? #tcot
shits gay!
Happy birthday you damn sexy hobo!
If you could have an endless supply of any food  what would you get?
It is totally rad  I assure you. But being a loser with no life outside the internet  few people ought to see you in it. ^__^
LOl since you really must knoo; N....O.(:
If you hate it...you may need to look for new friends in Baltimore. :)
I spy Chrystal while they're recording behind Andys drum set. Haha I fucking love this!
I dunno  did you offer me any of that fuck-ton of beer in your fridge on Saturday? NO
fuck betty she killed me...
thank yoooou. I'm probably going to get my ass handed to me lmao
i agree with myself =]
holy fuck. i would just make pasta or something if i were you  that is ridiculous.
Wait. Are you Cheyenne? I sent a request to you? Wait  why is your name Tabitha?? R u fake????
I slept horribly. Kepted waking up every hour. Kept tossing and turning. Argh I hate having to work today! Time for cardio!
Did this fucking work? (Who's not irritated by the blackberry shit taking forever)
perhaps i should call it that to freak the family out.
nope  it's spent already unfortunately. Fuck christmas. lol.
#NAME?
emang lagu2nya emo? bukannya mellow? :D
THANK YOU! It's not just me. Gay guys are hot as hell.
I will super hero my ass out there and blow the tire up myself!!!
I know... I would like to find out if I am right... wow... I need to shut the fuck up...
because secretly  you hate yourself.  ^^
Have you ever cried from being so mad?
What do you have now? Love my BlackBerry Curve (and they're $99 now)  and the Bold is supposed to be awesome. Hate the Pearl's KB.
oh please do. steph is already getting tired of me saying  deck the halls with something about my dick 
Do you believe that everything happens for a reason?
I hate you
dang that sucks. If i lived close i'd go help  though i am not handy. mostly for moral support.
 hahaha .. you're silly! but dayum it's 10:22AM and i'm still kinda limping from my hip hurting THAT badly .. it sucks!
youre not cool  suck my dick
trick of the mind and the eye.
Well  DAMN...Thanx For NOTHING!
She is as dirty as they come  and that crook Rengel  the Dems are so fucking corrupt it's a joke. Make Republicans look like  ...
damn that sucks
The fail whale was shown when twitter went down. It was a whale being lifted by birds.
Wtf. Fuck you
lets just hope i dont kick any ass. im in a violent mood.
I wanna play spin the bottle lol Have you played it? When was the last time? Mine was when i was 20 :)
Fuck no  I don't feel silly. I worked hard for that.
no it shows safety
whats ur fav tv showww? :D <3
damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaff(house) then
yey for drunkenness! fuck drunk dialing or drunk texting! its all about the drunk tweeting!
yea you'll fuck around and get that ASS tapped tomorrow u keep talking reckless like you are doing
Heh  his name's Jeremy (stupid little nerd  but he's up for any challenge.) And he's about to break  anyway.
can u be a lamb  add a *gay* category to ur awards so I can nominate myself  others
Damn that is so unfair. Where is the version of Firefox for white  slightly balding men.
you come home and find your parents talking with your school counselor and principal/headmaster ... whats your first thought?
 i wasn't on Twitter yesterday  so a belated  for fuck's sake  from me  man  what an unbelievable shitter. :-(
Why what? Hate payment history letters?
favorite food when i's freezing cold?
What is something fun you use to do with your parents?
Has it ever been hard for you to say I love you?
Should We ask Pussy Galore? ;)
it's called shitty ass fuck shit sir
Hmmm....U makin me hungry first of all!  Dairy Queen! YUMM!!
Carefree  fun  laughing  giggly  silly girl that loved barbies and using her imagination and learning and acting like she was older and more mature than she ever was.. :) haha
it is damn cold! I'm driving by on the way to my mom in laws house!
How would a world without music affect us?
Rick Warren is no hatemonger. Opinion doesn't equal hate.
all time? i have no idea. but i love comedy movies so i watch them pretty often
Sucks about the van. Any mechanics you know owe you favors? Also  thankee sai for the package! Got it a couple days ago.
I HATE when that happens.
I still think you should be prouder of the  Fuck fuck fuck!  but  Rock!  is pretty good. When will you be teaching her  FUCK YEAH 
sucks for you
you  dear sister  are a freak. this heat sucks.
 So damn slow. It's depressing  I just want to be done!
they sure seem to LOVE you -- damn name droppers.
Name a bird with a long neck.
hate you both!!
heh i'm a thunking (friggin hate that word  'thunking' how daft  anyway)  is it a CON?
You'll get a million replies  so here is Japanese dirty words: Manko(pussy) Koshinukei(chicken) Teme(bastard/bitch)
Something cute and ME!! haha you kno? well a beamer is my dream car basically! or a porshe!
fat guys are immoral  there should be a proposition to keep them from marrying  VOTE YES
im living it. i think nightmares are never worse. you can always find one scarier and more wrose.
Haha no  I mean that I love the money  my coworkers  but hate how much time the jobs take up. It is fun to hate them though.
i guess the other people in it?
that kinda sucks  does he not travel well. Did you consider putting him in kennels?
how many people are you following right now
oh! I saw the ex earlier. Asked if I  fancied a fuck  before he left the hospital. I politely declined.
Wow! That sucks.
Get dressed! haha and then grab one of the three or four things i said and beat the living crap out of them haha
 Dude  you're gonna hate me! Here... more T-shirts for da T-shirt lovers      
Do you have a tan?
I hate you
  Hate to say it  but I can't make the convo today. Take my space for someone else.
have you ever gotten into a fight?
you're a nerd fail
Hard to play because it is damn fucking awful
Joie is beautifulllll. :)
Were you really making fun of my boy haircut?  Now you only wish yours was as good as mine  karma's a bitch  boy!  Bzzz  OOPS!
I once let a Delta Chi fuck me in the ass in Raleigh  NC. He took me to Bahama Breeze and that sealed the deal- doesn't take much.
OMFG!!! nooo wayyyy!!! Ughhh BROOOKKKEEEEE OMFG!!! im soo srry lmao lots of pplz r frmh ZEW ZEALAND! lmao I fukkinnn luvv yuhhhh hahaha!
Still  it's damn moronic that media people can't access media  particularly media made by their own company!
Wow that sucks :( How long are you in a cast for?
yeah. money i love finding it too
Nope
not to sound amazingly  astoundingly gay (not that that's bad) but you sound like a man in desperate need of a few pillow shams
I nominate   cuz he's thee Best Damn Troll we gots!! ;))
been here more then a hour just to get my vegas shit back damn slow service shiat
it's called shitty ass fuck shit sir
dude.  she's fugly.  i think ur a desperate ass cam perv.
Yes. Paramore :]
Naw. I gave him tomorrow off. Fuck  my carpet's a mess.
what sucks?
Damn girl ... Your house was dirty.
damn son
((((((((((HUGS)))))))))) I love you tons and life totally sucks right now! I'm in it with you! LOL! xoxo Karen
whiterabbit819 stFu u ass i care and thats all that matters!
I thought Emo's don't  squeeee  I thought it was more of moan
This guy was that weird solid fat looking type with skinny legs. More funny than scary
a hemp bracelet my sister made me on my left wrist and my two favorite rings :]r Earrings too...lets count  8 others :)
Oh no. I hate that!
I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck  what a bad ass opportunity for you.
ahahahaha so right. Im fucking freezing my ass off here.
Have you ever used drugs?
ummm no its anonymous..................haha
sorry i missed you   Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy  I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
It sucks!!! My kitty (adopted alley cat) only knows how to potty outside  so I was freezing my arse off trying to get it in. LOL
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
so it sucks then?
hi
Indeed(: Lol
Others what?
The fail whale was shown when twitter went down. It was a whale being lifted by birds.
bitch better save me one!
*looks at who is following me on twitter then remembers i dont care* OMG such a fag.
I bet we are freezing more than you are. The North sucks. Ugh!
I feel like such a nerd watching this! I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
ooo tht sucks...happens to me all the time when I drink 5 hrs...
that's the coolest damn thing yet! Have you put it on your own website yet? Its a pretty simple ap  just don't use huge pics
That sucks.
way to not text me back DICK. :P
fuck off dude  don't waste my time  damn spam users again ...
damn 'reply' button ... -.-
yo freak  sarath freak 
You are on a flight from Honolulu to Chicago non-stop. There is a fire in the back of the plane. You get enough time to make ONE phone call. Who would you call?
It sucks :(
possibly
I have both now. iPhone camera sucks as well as lack of other things  but email  twitter and apps are good. Big screen is nice.
Damn  I followed you two days too early.  Mom was wrong  procrastination can be a good thing!
sorry im jus sick of the bullshit  i jus freestyle spoke dino  fuck off lol
Son of a bitch!
I hate that  just finished round 4 of rough revisions for a client... can't they just be clear and concise at the get go?
Scars on my face? Are you threatening me? I don't like liars  threats nor unexplained coincidences. Kindly fuck off!
Thank god. Don't pussy out on us
Did you have a good day ??
will you blow me now?
spam 4 spam?
way to not text me back DICK. :P
Laptop Dogs Family Shoes bed clothes coffee maker oven washerdryer refridgerator tablechairs pics camera bath tub! HAHAhAHAHAHHAHA!!!!
say my name. say my name..haha
nigga u geigh lmao! fuck yo finals beeeeeitch
...fuck jared leto. i forgot it was his bday. 25th HIS BIRTH 26th MY BIRTH ECHELON THROUGH THE BACK DOOOOR.
if you were black  that last one would be so damn racist
I WANT YOU TO GRASP MY BIG PEACH WHITE NIPPLES  NEVER LET GO.
Eff yeah! give   and   a slap on the ass for me
not to sound amazingly  astoundingly gay (not that that's bad) but you sound like a man in desperate need of a few pillow shams
never. I hate that.
Have any of you girls used the mens restroom before? Guys have you used the womens restroom? I saw a guy today going into the girls restroom cuz the mens was being cleaned lol!!! i was just like wtf?lol
YOU NEVER CALLED ME.
Yvonne that's a french ass name Yvonne.  My little cwasont 
i wub you Joie(:
it has to be the 3oh!3 and cobra starship with guests travie mccoy and i fight dragons concert :D Gabe Saporta is my new love! :D
no worries Ryan  I'll send some home with Kelly or else it'll end up on my ass.
Thanks Kitty....... and hey  i'm thinking of calling in gay tomorrow too!
Do you believe there's intelligent life on other planets?
aww  that soo sucks D:
no wonder you laughin'  i'm supposed to stay away from yo' ass.
I thought they separated a few years back because he found out about her past adventures. these celebrity couples suck ass...lol
Damn that's a lot of money for tickets! I guess her little girl only turns 16 once though. :-)
I once let a Delta Chi fuck me in the ass in Raleigh  NC. He took me to Bahama Breeze and that sealed the deal- doesn't take much.
LMAO!! I aint gonna front  shit did look kinda moist! Ol Duncan Hines Ass!!! LOL!!
It is amazing! But  it kinda sucks when it makes you late for work  lol.
interesting.
how can you love your enemy?
Kill the Lights is actually pretty damn cool
sometimes when theyre trying to be gangsta or ignorant
You have an inbox folder for CYA  Covering Your Ass?
I aint da one dat said da tampon thang. But i added yo myspace.
:D hahahahahahahah
Yup sure is :)
I think they can with a kick ass stereo.;)
Would you ever sell drugs if you were poor?
basically we agreed that you/ are awesome/bad ass. Not gonna lie  i brought you up! ;)
No wonder Outlook sucks...
fuck that!
not for a while. i havent' been on in a while.
damn those cute puppies!! How many gadgets I have lost for them.
mhm yew do gosh
the terms black/white hate are becoming antiquated  the fuss over Doug Heil was 4 not   Social Media is changing the face of search
no
Well fine  they can call them seat protectors in Great Britain but in the US of A they best call 'em ass protectors.
If it wasn't for AT&T's spotty network  I'd switch in a heartbeat. That's where Verizon kicks some serious ass.
hahhaha I would probably die of laughter.
i fuck wit u.  u got skillz homie.
NO. You're in BATH. You worked your ASS off for this. You're coming home to GREAT THINGS. Have FUN FUN FUN. NOW.
Aah! I actually hate you!
sometimes when theyre trying to be gangsta or ignorant
Does it bother you when strangers try to tell you what to do?
Ugh. Crunch time. That sucks. Make sure you get plenty of sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to create again. It'll be ok.
What do you think is your most attractive feature?
oranges fuck yeah
*falls off of bed laughing fabulous ass off* Dude I think that made me BLUSH. WTF? LOL?
 i wasn't on Twitter yesterday  so a belated  for fuck's sake  from me  man  what an unbelievable shitter. :-(
I had to go to two stores to get all 4 books. Hope she likes. She's 14  but kinda a nerd  so hopefully she will. lol
lol....damn backwards smileys
what a coincidence! I'm wearing my fat jeans today and it felt like they were my skinny jeans!
...what bitch...we have too be ready for  Spring  or watever
dude.. I just think the twinke or whateva you call it... It damn cool.. LOL
Are you frightened of spiders?
Fuck  don't even get me started. As soon as I saw  Animal Fri--   I was half way to creaming myself.
oh  i am fine. But she will not be if she doesn't shut her fat fucking mouth.
him and his damn tech stuff bwahaha
Do you believe honesty is the best policy?
goddamn it kj...fuck you 49 times 
damn now i want some au gratin!
*throws all 52 dollars in my pocket at you* Let me hit the MAC. Ill be RIGHT back. Hold that pose *forgets pin number* FUCK!
the early word is the spirit sucks... hard.  i'm a big fan of the eisner comics  but frank miller's take looks a little... meh.
Been trying to find Run Run Rudolph..smart ass! (we're staring with it next Saturday)..Same versi...  
damn trust me times are hard lol recession mang...I'm saving my dough blowin for new years...where did u go? Nostalga?
I hate to keep sending this link.. but you never got back at me.... Whats good.. 
Could you go out in public looking like you do now?
Do you live in China?
can you tell loser tudds to turn his fucking phone on...
kkkk :]
dude the talk about universe at #LeWeb is awesome. As a nerd guy you have to watch it
no. i dont but thats cuz im insecure about myself
a) JTP is a douchebag b) Stewart kicks ass!
Kick. Ass. That sounds so much an incredible experience :-)
Doh!  That sucks!
:-)  My line in the sand: watching shows on my computer screen. HATE it. w/42 inch plasma  groovy sound  you can never go back.
chillinqq yew?
that's weird  because I hate them the second time I see them.  First time is ok but they get old quick.
i love you to :D
Do u all believe me now when I tell u this is the best freak show in town?!
thanks
makes you feel cheap doesn't it.  I hate that clients use these things...
are you a filipina??or a foreigner??
I freakin hate that! For me it's  Hi Rose  Rose is my last name you idiot! LOL
Y E S
Like Zebra man said in rock n roll parking lot. LIFE SUCKS SHIT!
No
while ago..
apologizing for overactive hormones SUCKS.
If you could be a star athlete in any sport  which sport would you pick?
booooooo! i have some hot- ass mushroom stock if you wanna come get it after work
Totally agree on AC/DC. They are damn near the perfect rock n roll band.
Possibly
who are you? oh uhmmmm HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU FRENCH WHORE!   Bed time last time im telling you 33333333 gots thats  ...
Emotionally DEtached? yes. Society is cold.
I'm just bored as fuck. Lol. I never thought I'd say this but I kinda wish the damn dog was here making noise. Lol
kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
:) i lovwe you to  :) we will meet haha me jo and you could go to grannys??????????????
Well  not unless he wants some hot Vulcan action.  It only happens once every seven years  but damn  is it worth it.
Give it back to them. I don't really hate anyone..
well that sux donkey dick. No interwebs is kinda a pain for ur work.
Have you ever been drunk?
hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up 3333 ya
omg cum 2 short stak!1!!/
which year was your favoroute school year... i know its not this year cause you had taylor in your class!but it still could be this year...
1) it depends on how u come at me. 2) if my 1st impression of you sucks I prob won't be so warm  bubbly. I'm mean though.
Settings will not let me upload an image...for 3 days now the fail whale says Running at Capacity  I have a feeling its the cache?
wow really? cuz people like making cool songs about bridges
yeah go ahead and play victim  i do know you nico. thats how i know your a player.
Its overated.
If you could have personally witnessed one event in history  what would you want to have seen?
fat.
dude.. That idea is upgrade as fuck. (btw  my phone finally added  fuck  to the vocab list.. THAT is upgrade as fuck.)
what is your ideal date?r
What a cunt!
If you could change one thing in the world  what would it be?
hahahahahahaah thanks spency :DDDDD <3 you
i hope your asswhole gets sniffed by aids
I hear you can cook your ASS off!!! =)
how about  bitchling pig  suckas! 
ummm  im not sure haha i dont find anything i do impressive
What's the worst thing about where you live?
You blogged and ran? Jesus that's ass kicking if I ever heard it.
dont hate!
Woop I so did that Adam Turnbull one :) from adam lol! :)
pffft you mean maybe you'll suck ass for her
BIG FAT HARD HAWAIIAN DICK. Too much?
ROTFLMAOOOOOOO WOW...Cumleone? Cum Alone? Oh sorry...thats funny though.
damn i hate Ed Hardy
If you could only read one magazine for the rest of your life  which would it be?
Hahaha  Testosterone Man!!!  I met Mega Bitch Soccer Mom the other day. She took the time to stop  honk her horn   flip me off
i am going to work on a grassroots gay rights project that will involve the communities of color.
What were you doing when you found out Michael Jackson was dead?
Let that pussy freeze. Rotten bitey little bastard.
FIRE HIM!!!!!!  lol lame ass mofo....
 I hear what you sayin gurl but you mean to tell me you caint have friends??  *insert piss poor false sincerity here*
Did you know you smell like an old man?
Oh  Hannah  I am so  so sorry for your loss. I've done the deathbed vigil and it sucks. I hope your pain eases with time. Love
It sucks :(
(avec un retard de 5 heures) Bonjour Semio!
Fuck no  I don't feel silly. I worked hard for that.
Exactly! Damn cops disagree though
Yes I believe so. I try to be kind to everyone and make the world a little bit better somehow :]
because theyre priorities in life are to live and be happy with those around them. not what they have and their neighbor may have more than them....theres a lot more to life than material. plus they dont know any different to them that is life.
Are you a leader or a follower?
Warm Mt Dew tastes awful. :/ Try Jolt Cola instead. Or maybe even Whoop Ass. 
esp. if someone is working for an employer supportive of gay rights  seems wrong for someone to then not show up to work.
Do you like Vitamin Water?
lol how ya kno????
your so fack  go suck a VAG!
yeah it really sucks I need to manage my time better I guess or maybe I should party haha. Oh well. C'est la vie I guess.
Damn straight  Tom. If you can't do it for the lulz  what can you do it for?
like I said  I wouldn't even do it with your dick!
oooh that sucks. ibuprofin
Bitch I will cut you!   Whatever happened to just smoking weed?   Because it makes us feel so good.
dat bitch left u lol
hmm..i dont think i would haunt. I would be like Casper the friendly ghost. :) and want to make people friends and have fun all the time :)
damn  that is pimp!
damn your evil 60 minute IPA beckoning me from the fridge right now...
no. ur 13 get the fuck off the internet and get back to playing with ur easy bake oven. stupid parents buyin brats iphones.
Shutter Island for both. paid at the theaters :]
Are you and   best friends?
I hate when that happens!
omg who sent you a fuck you letter??
yes. and that movie is hilarious btw. :) i would not be living there first off.....hahaha but i would trick them somehow. tell them of a better place on a landfill reserve.
Do more people know u by a nickname or by your first name?
welll
makes sense and glad that it's shifting (even if geologic).  hate that kind of snobbery.
thats what i am saying...they need to pay me.thats m*ttaf*cking free promotion. ungrateful ass people.
I vote for   Shawshank Redemption  You would hate Twilight b/c it has the worst score *ever*. Srsly.
Do you ever take medication to help you fall asleep faster?
In order to survive 3 more days you need a small meal. There is nothing with you except your pet monkey... Do you fry up some monkey?
FUCK I'm late. :)
I hate you so much.
I hate those backgrounds because you can't click on any of those listed links. I find it frustrating.
The Hills! Chuz Lauren was thee whole point it was clld thee Hills and there is 2much drama! Bhut I still wtch it chuz i love 2 laugh at thee dumb shit! Spencer is a prick btw!;0
you are stupid and ugly.
the only thing I hate about Nikon is the dumb Ashton Kutcher ads they run.
did he really???!!!! OH FUCK OK I TAKE BACK ON DAN MARINO IM SORRY!!!! OK I BLAME ROMO AGAIN! AND WHITTEN! i'm through with them!
Sucks 4 you!!!!!! Your just not a lucky ducky are you? First your phone  now this!
 You know some ppl like to piss off others and today I was a victim of this X-( sad but thx for those words ;)
OMG that sucks! D:
they're not gross. U shaddup u fat ass HATER!!!  yes I made them for mark  my son.
ignorance is my guess  but this could very well turn into a nerd rant  and that would get   all worked up
I don't care about leakage. Fuck the person sitting next to me in coach. (actually I do care)
Mary?! lol hahahaha
you think i like him because i talk to him alot?r he is really nice  and fun to talk to  who are you?r he is a great friend  what isnt there to like about him.
Hey  at leat you got SOMETHING. Know what we get at work  as I found out 2day? NADDA! Bah hum bug! Damn scrooges!
I hope you're fucking right now. Birthday sex for the win!
I'm with you man. Here I am on Twitter at 20 to 6 in the morn  damn.
I'm so sorry  I used to hate transcribing lame interviews...
If a doctor suddenly had a heart attack while doing surgery  would the other doctors work on the doctor or the patient?
i hate pret
damn  that sux
wat a fag....
id rather use it and get it over with online lest I have to call and deal with aural ass fuck that is a utility co's cust svc
....you gone wind up fucking her (is that what u wanna do  shawty)
yes.
I'd much prefer to send out my work message via twitter.  I hate having to add the fluff to my emails so that no one gets upset.
it is damn cold! I'm driving by on the way to my mom in laws house!
HAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHA LULZ      your STILL a cunt!!!!! hahahahahahahah lulz lulz lulz lulz lulz
It sucks!!! My kitty (adopted alley cat) only knows how to potty outside  so I was freezing my arse off trying to get it in. LOL
she took $60 from me  $50 from my sis 2 separate nights.  She says her stuff was jacked too.  Don't buy it. Betrayal sucks.
I do but it sucks at scrabble.
Ya know  you can take full credit for memeing   cock-measuring fetish. I won't argue.
Can you do push ups?
it was fucking epic.  deck the halls with something about my dick 
Spam me? (:
Listen  RayRay  I gave you the lowdown as soon as I got it. I hadn't heard it b4 and I was shocked. She seems to hate his guts.
Are you happy?
Epic WINS for Fuck City3
lmmfao! Shuddup! Any grown ass man that let's other grownass men call him Timmy is gaaaaay!
Hell  I'm upset they allow him to get near a fucking camcorder  let alone direct anything. He'd fuck up a 3rd grade play.
k im hella boredddddddd hurry the fuck up i saw my bro playing it  game looks sick
Then talk to him lol
Shrug it off. :] haha no time to deal with petty bullshiz.
whats your favourite number?
If you were stranded on a desert island  which one person would you bring with you?
Some liberal gay atheists or Republican fund raisers should jump on that. ;)
Oh jeez  I had mercifully forgotten about fatman.  Should have been  assholeman-who-will-piss-everyone-completely-the-fuck-off. 
omg me too! The holidays need to end now plz. Ppl are soo mean and nothing is jolly or holly! It sucks!
Hey  don't knock the Port+OJ until you've tried it.As cold remedies go  you're still sick but no longer give a damn. ;)
What's your favorite kind of flower
Well good god damn.
This holiday is to celebrate a man nailed to a board. I want you to be MERRY about it. Why are you crying? DON T FUCKING CRY!
bahahaha i love you. and ugh i wish i was on my way to va with   fuck the weatherr.
Hey! Remember me? Lizzy from the David Cook forums. How've you been? (I'm guessing pretty damn awesome right now... =P)
Not 2 fuck up my life. Ross
I hate those backgrounds because you can't click on any of those listed links. I find it frustrating.
Yeah! This blond gay guy came to audition. I almost fell out of my chair when I saw him. He looked identical to chris corner!
FUCK SUNDAY im super bummed.
Sucks for them. You have a natural talent for filmmaking  and you're doing just fine without college  it seems! (Congrats on NYT!)
grrr I hate that. I have an ex-friend who only gets in touch when they have something great to tell me about themselves... o_0
omg who sent you a fuck you letter??
ctrl + tab is still ok. i just hate the right click refresh OCD many support guys have. even some members in my team! :(:(
we say the same things cause we're fucking cool. You know how we roll. Love you like a fat kid loves cake.
sucks 2 b washed up.. gangstas paradise was the shit
Can you cry under water?
fuck you
Have you ever ridden in a taxi?
